no regard for their own life!
not running away,
heavy with this listlessness so
living your best possible life-
Age of the Upgrade, 
irrelevance,
polite walled gardens
confused and undifferentiated
well-defined and differentiated
all about consequences
will-they-won’t-they
who the hell do you think we are?
i wonder why i am outside?
no walls! no ceiling!
i would not dream of it
i sought the beginning 
i sought the end
Twitter has fewer users, lower frequency and less time spent in app than Facebook 
Who can see your future posts?
my condoloences
you’re not normal at all.
i feel a little off.
you’re cool 
there’s no saying where I come from
lies like this
build a house from sticks and shrubs
your hands are upside down 
where indirect communication is highly valued, 
cute filter
calliope
playfulness around military equipment   
The lines are going to be incredibly blurred when it comes to how people interact with games.
house divided 
smaller stories actually make a bigger point, which is that we’re all together in the same robot [in life]...
both hands up
where do i sit? i’m inside it when it collapses?
our natural disengagement 
how benign that manipulation is depends largely on your perspective:
i’m already ready
this is the end of the road for us 
the default experience.
and read manga as a form of rebellion
words weight bearing beams always seem 
just an artificial institution. 
enjoy pseudo-communication and pseudo-love
depth as “Database” rather than “Story”
invisible information like the Internet 
simulacra covering the postmodern surfaces are actually controlled and regulated by the database.
you need it but you do not want to. 
not an authorship nor an ideology, 
no depth, no “camera eye”, no perspective, 
the literary ingénue 
structures of desire
outside of logical language 
affect is a moment of unformed and unstructured potential
stalled by the ocean
virtual possibilities and affect that exist separately and in tandem with ‘reality’
over and over again
euphoric response to fantasy characters
who am i again? who am i at all?
an affective response to fictional characters or representations of them
who am i to ask the questions?
“the act of filling in missing information about characters on one’s own”
remembering ideals among background signals,
and having no need for reality. 
fascination with cuteness
where a simple “like” is not enough
taking advantage of free-reign social media platforms 
you gave a little bit and they took a lot 
sense of self and your private thoughts
unsaid thoughts
wordless thoughts 
often spoke of but seldom realized 
blameless silk-winding girl 
libertarian (small ‘L’)
hardly crypto-libertarian slogans
marked on the side of a building: DECENTRALIZE EVERYTHING
everything i do is illegal
every thoughtful citizen in this age of anxiety 
sense of fulfillment 
help me fade away
serve it as a bridge species,
help me stay the same
human innovation is being suppressed and that culture is becoming stagnant. 
and the beginning of - What?
the space race ceases.
third-person omniscient narrative with no main character 
under indirect alien rule, at the cost of human identity and culture 
on the street in from of a large clown doll resembling himself, smiling happily
the ninth most toughing anime scene ever.
always wrong
“more apparent than real”
without ever leaving their apps
you can’t complain about these things
Facebook’s town hall meetings,
“emotions”
Reactions 
online operating system of life 
inside of chat environment
Facebook says Instagram 
imitating stage plays 
we’ll want to do that
can the player surprise the people who made the game?
i would give up now
“why doesn’t everybody make games like this?
That’s all I’ve ever done. 
Here’s the pathetic thing about myself 
gamer’s game
So I made a three-year commitment and three years are coming up.
I’d start to feel my relevance was diminishing.
not enough to stay alive
trying to re-create that feeling
remind me why i’m here again?
Nostalgia games are an increasingly big part of the video game market,
don’t i know?
IBM is deep, deep in the enterprise.
what’s that say about all of us?
getting larger enterprises to adopt
in situ investigations
“what the zombie is there for is to support the idea that the world includes two kinds of things; the concepts and the physical world around you”
symptomatic of this place
“if we’re simulated and our simulations are running simulations then there are simulations all the way down”
“And in fact will simulated being run simulations?”
how could anything be worthless?
close to manufacturing AI, which could also run simulations 
theory of a meta-universe 
wants social interactions. 
why a virtual reality will be created
you know it’s why you always run away, i can’t explain
(with simulations)
talk about how our brains will one day be downloaded onto computers 
we may be in a virtual reality 
best girl
something is technically wrong.
no return address
i can’t remember what to say
Humans already living in a COMPUTER SIMULATION, 
Importantly, they want to get this support via messaging. 
Synchronous messaging is at the heart of
on-demand service.
commerce wave 
in-app real-time 
roboticist- could love. 
a child sized telepresence robot 
who was supposed to do the cooking today?
told in ellipses.
redemptive quality of apocalypse
unforgiving time
sitting my the river talking baseball.trying to find themselves
top-down, no-holds-barred abstract Genre Deconstructions
They’re fake
minor league baseball seems special somehow
affective resonance 
happy summer memories
(although a little cynical)
“break the rules”
a symbolic breakdown of “thought” by smoothing out the wrinkles
localization of the script
what you were thinking
I don’t mind
I would have been so, so, so, so much nicer
Our goal is to be everywhere, we want ubiquity…
upend internet economics,
“It is a program that writes its own program, which is the only way you can scale thousands of services working together that know nothing about one another”
other virtual assistants are essentially closed
2016 will be a big year
“we are going to be talking to our computers”
actionable data, 
automating everyday processes. 
“it will shift the economics of the internet.”
wouldn’t it be nice
related issue: a technology time lag
drowning skills gap 
post-crisis data 
the internet revolution 
data fog
“data dependent”
“I’m not.”
‘hear’ and ‘see’
constant consumption
fourth industrial age
vastly wider eyes
we should be thankful for the impending apocalypse, 
app fatigue and the glut of apps
from static interfaces to conversational interfaces
let’s never hit the ground
AI regulation is probably a decade or so away.
I’d never know you
vicious deflationary spiral fueled by AI
Fundamentally, technology was supposed to increase our productivity  in a way that saved time and utilized it do other things. 
old dreams and repeat 
the link in both instances is that of time. 
one metric has remained constant
Hard AI is revolutionary, but takes time to become practical, and soft AI is practical, but not a game changer
one death ain’t enough
supervised learning
two branches of AI; soft AI and hard AI
autonomous agents
reinforcement learning
networks-networks 
system against itself. 
various theories abound.
“when did it all begin?”
it’s all clear now. 
will you forgive me?
I never dreamed
money really talks
I have very little time myself…
human’s drinking cow’s milk…
without a car in the world, right?
as for me
only trivial thoughts came to mind
I couldn’t understand what had happened
In this world, in this city. 
I’m not the one you owe an apology to! What good does it do to apologize to me?
I was way outmatched!
There’s all kids of innocence.
Who could care less, right?
live in a quiet time.
I’m not adverse to that 
Amniotic yellow for the dream sequences.
D-E-P-R-E-S-S-E-D
casual enjoyment and thematic depth 
data to predict and fulfill our desires
at this point, researchers admin that they do not completely understand how the deep learning networks make decisions.
“in the loop” in a self-driving car
“deep neural networks”
“refactoring”
servers crash. 
the technology most expensive problems: the air conditioning
“the problem of intelligence seemed hopelessly profound”
just a head lighter, just a head above the rest 
no real difference between humans and machines
between the thinking processes of humans and those of machines/
powerful amplifiers
intangible emotional quality
hold everything
human-computer interaction design
“conversational agents”
wasted these two years
see nothing
always fun
beautiful confounding mess
“a joy to watch”
universal critical acclaim.
who are unconnected 
mafia operated speakeasies, and 
newly participatory fan culture
specialized knowledge 
frequency of internet use
younger adults are in the vanguard of the constantly connected:
what about the intangibles?
convergence of information and communication 
adoption curve
adults are online “almost constantly”
i would be surprised
“online exclusivity”
more visually perfect- and unreal- than ever before
likely to engage in selective sharing
forced us to create and maintain a public personal: we’re less likely to broadcast all of our lives authentically
the representativeness of a social media platform may be inversely related to its ubiquity in society
is there an answer if we can’t have it?
in fact women shared twice as much on Facebook as men about all topics
technological sophistication is frequently prioritized over methodological soundness and accuracy
i’m alone 
today’s big data world
actually meaningful
summer of odd numbered year
never that sad 
many characters which share her traits of pale skin, blue hair and a “quiet personality”
dream to dream 
shows you the way you lost on that day, on that day
the person who stands on the abandoned field
a nameless and nostalgic field on a hill
“quiet personality”
the keys to the kingdom lie in wait
“being strongly attracted to ones ideals”
losing myself scared me the most
i’ve wanted to destroy every last thing
after all, you know?
I’ll be alone
Get a hold of yourself,
escaped misfortune only to get dragged into a new misfortune.
“the hieroglyphics of our time.”
make anime great again
get in the robot
Perhaps this is meant as a subtle conveyance of their emotional state in bicycle form? we may never know
sleek modernity that thinly disguises
narrative confluence,
growing up, social-networking, spirits 
some completely human, 
“adding legs to a snake”
I’ll never tell you how i feel 
take yourselves out of the second dimension for a change!
robotic as you utter the word “regret”
I thought this was fantasy abandonment,
I’d do my homework
Say something comforting.
I’ve hit rock bottom. 
but i’m so depressed…
On endless repeat
Am i supposed to carry hard cash with my bare hands in the dead of night?
Nothing about us has changed.
bad ideas
don’t I know it!
It’s super-thrilling, super-magical, super-bad!
all this going on is the stage for our youth…
A whole world that I’ve only seen in manga and on the internet stands before me.
an everyday life that we might have lost
will our lost everyday life never return to us?
that way you’re strangely honest
if only i’d told you what i was suffering and worrying over
what you see isn’t necessarily reality.
interstate highway system 
how am i still standing?
there’s no where for me to go.
what are you thinking right now?
i ran from you, too.
when you realize something’s important, why’s it already gone?
people i’ve never met before are helping me.
so i’ll tell you the facts, the truth, and the unvarnished reality.
an adult’s face.
full of dreams!
eat and be full!
but sometimes, the reality you thought you’d gotten rid of, returns in a warped way.
you can’t get away from what you were part of
if reality and fiction are equal, then any reality you don’t need can just be a delusion.
you can’t mistake reality for your delusions.
to us, the realm of fiction is as important a playground as reality.
“the sky has fallen.”
the fragments of information came together in an instant
it hurts, and it doesn’t taste good 
overthinking things?
acting weird lately,
in the end, you’ll love me more than you love them.
we’re over. finished!
i gre up this way,
“i can’t love you, but i don’t mind”
i’m always afraid
i’ll mess up
i love you! i love you! i love you! i love you! i love you! i love you!
i just said i wanted a peaceful life!
it’s so silly how people try to look cool by criticizing society or ideologies.
that’s what i thought.
you would gladly tell others of our bliss!
to think what was once a mere unrequited love…
currently, there is nobody in this chat room 
between friendship and love
do you believe me? i don’t have eyes or a brain, but i have nightmares.
this is a battle between you and me for our love.
that’s what i always, always, always, always, always, always thought i would do!
i really DO exist!
we’re now the most current, the most young, the most popular and connected, 24/7!
i look forward to our relationship from now on
“colorless” and “transparent”?
itself, complete.
“unrequited love”
empty lots are weird,
do you need memories from hundreds of years ago?
i wonder what i’m looking for…
my sense of passing time
i believe that our relationship won’t change.
but i guess i don’t mind this relationship
I can’t tell someone what I don’t even understand myself.
i know what you feel.
“can i really make it here?”
see me? see me right here?
you find yourself relieved.
life took on this awful tone.
another reality
a bit under worldly.
i think i was moved.
but no one knows what color.
i was getting tired.
people find each other on the internet, 
a teenage girl!
data protection watchdog
the company did not explain why the app was not functioning properly.
who remain signed-in
logged-out experience
“content”
traditional celebrity media.
the friendship network is the price you pay for the information network.
unhelpful umbrella.
surf the zeitgeist gently
well-defined and differentiated
confused and undifferentiated
the mistakes we made.
i could tell something had changed.
is it a media company? is it a data company?
second- and third- screen applications
new media measurement tools
astro-biology
quantifiable engagement
where would we look?
“water cooler moment”
for all their user data, social networks haven’t been able to offer up much in the way o f”intelligent shopping”
social media has become less a discrete thing that people do than a natural component of everything they do.
“everything platforms”
social media skills gap
will-they-won’t-they
all about consequences-
theme of using evil to fight evil
we’re the extremophiles 
what is the good idea?thoughtful citizen in this age of anxiety
indirect alien rule, at the cost of human identity and culture
the year’s at the spring, and the day’s at the morn; morning’s at seven; the hill-side’s dew pearled; the lark’s on the wing; the snail’s on the thorn; God’s in His Heaven- all’s right in the world!
yet exercising a lasting though unconscious influence at every step
silk-winding girl
fictional chronology
an anti-cult lawyer
deconstruction of the mocha genre
microorganisms hidden inside the rocks!
discarding the grand narrative concerning salvation for a narrative focusing on the individual
curiosity, looking at the rock, robotic exploration.
for-year depression.
“something, anything”
The House with the Laughing Windows
life would appear 
you should not have done that
no, that’s YOUR limitation!
burn in the everlasting hellfire of the universe’s creation!
we were prepared to defend the universe…
where this thought is given form.
warm little ponds
even if the infinite universe stands in our way…
sentient lifeforms can’t possibly escape from an extra dimensional labyrinth!
you will never understand!
… and given a strange sort of self-awareness.
why don’t we still see life?
don’t forget. my universe is the universe that’s in here.
the instant extra dimensional space is perceived, it is made real
there is no universally agreed definition of life
not the first common ancestor, but the last 
you see beauty in struggling to the bitter end.
all right, let’s do it! let’s punch holes in the past and future all at once!
nearpast- near future,
we’re not flooding, we’re spacing!
the fabric of space-time is being compressed until it’s ultra-dense.
what’s an ocean doing in space?
I will never forget this minute, this second..
the universe itself…?
it is no exaggeration to saw that our enemy is the universe itself.
we will never forget this minute and this second
i will never forget this minute this second 
it only becomes a fixed reality when observed
what we call the universe is contracted on ambiguity
love changes the universe, remember?
my past was entirely a fictional creation.
your words mean nothing to me.
that is absolute despair.
the moon was another gigantic machine?
a world where kids can live under the sun?
i want my peaceful life back!
placing human qualities like inflection and emotion into speech.
human-computer integration design,
“conversational agents”
when computers speak, how human should they sound?right underneath, also in reverse chronological order, as always.
we can find no precedent for an american company being forced to expose its customers to a greater risk
decades of security advancements
used once, on one phone.
-which does not exist today-
the precedent that compliance can set
one-time request
can’t- or won’t- do to help the government.
lacks predictive power
you understand NOTHING.
… people who want to live underground?
but since we’re the same in being different, i think living together would work out.
well, i thought that maybe two people couldn’t really become the same person
who the hell do you think we are?
“the sea”!
who brought us that luck
detests human self-awareness.
care less about you
i don’t know anything about you.
i would not dream of it,
i wonder why i am outside?
why are you the same as i am?indeed. here is such hing as a friendship that knows no gender.
you walking faces!
no walls! no ceiling!
is that why i dig?
normalizes a universal experience
everything-is-connected conceit
“audience platform”
slow and broken experience
15% post to the platform
offended- worse to be offended on behalf of others they don’t know.
but snapchat feels like the future of secondary media consumption
“tweet and delete”
highly social, highly mobile, information-driven
the nature of a platform
the death knell of digital giants
“survivability” or organizations operating the digital domain
in an age of interaction
maybe that’s why it is an age of discontent 
low-quality interaction:
the social incentives online still somehow work in reverse.
features, buttons, and functions
hardens into truth
not even hearing an echo.
(its change from a star-for “favorite”- to a heart-for “like”-late last year that sparked a short-lived outrage.)
real-world acquaintances.
slop of revenue growth deceleration is incredibly important,
60,000 transactions via Apple Pay to make $100
Wall Street darling Netflix
web and mobile ad world has become winner-take-all, 
unhappy Web advertising
—so far unconvincingly— 
and retweets and shares.
Pintrest (women), Snapchat (teens), LinkedIn (professionals), Neopets (kids and weirdly, people who used to be kids).
everyone, and then everyone again,
Twitter has fewer users, lower user frequency and less time spent in-app than Facebook.
SunKing of the social media landscape.
actually living.
comfort with the virtual world
a codependent relationship
sever depression: a codependent relationship.
constant state of heightened emotion.
‘both of you, dance like you want to win!’
characters we know and love, behaving in a way that doesn’t feel true
“awakening”
“sleeping”
concerns are human
a sustained mediation on hopelessness
it has no stakes.
series bubble into the zeitgeist,
post-shōnen elements
mysterious teenager
but that’s all user generated video
that much seems clear.
producers are returning to action, sci-fi, and other genres that travel well,
(rare) TV broadcast,
revolution of online streaming,
the format of anime production is often quite fluid
some were even planned for TV broadcast from the beginning!
too much excellent television
the Platinum Age of Television incorporates Peak TV, a bubble of too much television
I, long ago, lost the ability to keep track of every scripted TV series
I finally lost track of the ability to keep track of every programmer who is in the scripted programming business
there hasn’t been a more competitive, cut-throat, quality-saturated era in television ever.
notoriety in the Platinum Age
the shows of the Golden Age wouldn’t compete in this new television landscape.
the quality abounds.
in its collective beauty of great show after great show it haunts and intimidates
television has never been so great-
when advertisers finally give up and admit that nobody is watching their ads, simply snowballed.
doubt spending, like most bubble markets.
what economists call “irrational exuberance,”
there is no reason for most of these networks to exist.
internet-based on-demand
i want to get out of here
ESPN amounts to over $6 of everybody’s cable bill every month, whether you watch it or not.
consumer-abusive business model
the television business is in the early stages of massive, massive upheaval
too much content.
the 1,700 series on the air (371 scripted) was JUST PRIME-TIME programming— that didn’t count talk shows, soaps, syndicated game shows or other daytime programming. 
nobody watched, nobody visited, comedies, dramas
a new anime “bubble”.
the difference will be hard to notice for consumers
relative freedom, and an active social life.
when you had boundless energy,
when choices were simpler,
the deep, unshakable love of cute.
“youth”
nothing i would call definitive.
approachability for a female viewer:
in the internet age,
and then your hand is pretty much forced.
themes: bounty hunters, coming-of-age, developing powers,gore, organized crime, special abilities, survival game
my own personal experiences
page 9 of about 395,000,000 (0.81 seconds)
proprioception
“social dreaming”
i’ve stolen it
we’re together?
who decides the relative value of human and non-human lives?
you look like you’ve been crying 
you never change,
i sought the end.
i sought the beginning
where have we come from? where are we going?
the doubt never left
for crying out loud.
was i laughing?
you can’t fool me!
what about everything going through my mind?
i guess you don’t trust me at all.
I feel kind of muddled, too, actually.
never was 
i wanted to talk to you, that’s all.
that’s how my heart works now.
why is this happening?
we will suffer the consequences.
i don’t want to forget how sad it makes me feel…
thought it was me.
why am i so calm?
but i can’t help how i feel.
if you don’t like me, just tell me already.
“something like that”?
“who can make you feel that”?
if only we’d gotten closer much sooner
i know what you’re thinking,
you’ve put me on the spot…
you’re really my type.
but what if you were in my position?
for what purpose did you all come into existence?
that is for humans to decide with their arbitrary metrics.
my heart’s breaking…
but i’ve thought of you
i want to ask you something.
i’m pretty sure you’ve never even noticed me before,
you’re just saying whatever sounds good.
you’re a completely different person now.
to me, it looks like you’re trying too hard.
someone who says things like that
flat affect like that
that’s not how you talk.
cold and unfeeling now.
misunderstand me.
a dead dog isn’t a dog anymore.
accident…accident…accident…acident…
i feel like i’ve lost something.
why do i know that?
i’m me, of course.
you’re so different now. 
another girl?
you’re hurting me.
just forget it!
easygoing, indecisive personality…
home sick and alone..
that worries me…
makes me want to apologize to you.
this is all your fault
you’re cool.
you’re not normal at all
do you think i’m weird?
doing something for someone else
your well-being is my well-being.
you slept in
consider the probability.
a dream! i had a dream!
here’s what i think:
flies know how to fly without being taught.
we will lose.
we met yesterday.
i’m leaving.
you’re making me anxious.
i want nothing to do with this!
you’re the one without a clue.
discuss the future with you.
i only value my own life.
simple-minded sometimes.
i feel a little off.
i feel like i didn’t sleep too well.
i failed.
interpersonal relationships
indomitable spirit of determined people.
difficult for the characters.
focus more on the underground life
despite its impact on the suspension of disbelief
bindings
returning to nothing?
nonsensical is our thing!
without fear… without fear…
yes, i can hear you. 
that’s not true! that isn’t true at all!
you never learn do you?
being incomprehensible,
sensitive to hot drinks
you was your time…
i’ll catch up to you in no time!
my eyes are already open!
i’ve grown,
monologging at me,
wasting precious time
you have no one to blame but yourself
the biggest fool here is me.
why are we still alive?
i won’t make the same mistake twice.
what happens to me is of no concern
losing both arms in a battle you did not need to fight?
i’ll work seriously!
i’m pissed, i’m pissed, i’m pissed, i’m pissed, i’m pissed,
this can’t be happening!
my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms!
TELL ME HOW YOU FEEL
who would be hurt most of all would be you.
same as always!
you can’t see anything!
i’m only getting started!
intense existential terror.
the sound of being relaxed.
you might despise me.
worst-case scenario.
i’m just like you!
you must be so lonely!
you’re so fast, fast, fast, fast!
and it sounds like fun!
the “meaning” doesn’t matter!
my own stupidity!
you sound so wishy-washy.
i’m getting carried away again?
truly, life is…
remember how to have fun,
you guys are boring because you’re too uptight.
(“my cute clothes!”)
to think you were merely humoring me and enduring the bitterness
“clothing-wearing creature”
i’ll survive!
there’s no “clean” or “dirty” when it comes to money!
you really are afraid of yourself!
we’ll have to do it ourselves.
“life is funny”
life is wonderful!
it’s my mind that’s boggled!
i don’t want to go! but i wish i could!
AND NOW…
that did influence
when you consider something charming, it never ends well.
that side of you is less charming.
how does it feel to have your life taken by the very research you dedicated your life to?
whatever-scissors!
life’s no fun if you don’t!
completely fooled!
you know the reason why.
yep! it was me!
you voluntarily admit to being an underachiever?
you’re no fun at all.
don’t be insincere. you associate with no one.
i thought you and i were two hearts beating as one!
i’m aware.
it’s a disguise, a disguise!
that’s really, really reckless?
a skyscraper built within your mind
but all buildings fall down eventually!
what’s with all this tension?
have you no shame?that data-lover is grandstanding again…
i’m at the limits of my processing capacity?
get really reckless!
this is optical camouflage!
to be reckless!
if you’re changing the system anyways, don’t you think you should alter the real world’s system itself, not the virtual one?
beyond their own self interest,
those who lack resolve are incapable of even wiping away their own tears
okay, let’s go!
you never learn!
obsessing over short-term wants isn’t any good.
you will be choosing yourself!
i thought we had a sparkle in our eyes.
personal ability is everything, remember?
let’s do everything we can to protect this life, okay?
put a twinkle in anyone’s eye,
seriously messed up.
ultra-specific 
A LOSER I CAN’T HATE
100 poems by 100 poets club!
becoming a fisherman?
i hit my head on the air…
i have nothing to say to someone as devoid of aspirations as you!
ask not the sparrow how the eagle soars!
double fault!
come on, whats with the anachronistic street punk routine?
come and catch me try to find me
the one who’s cursed is the one who wishes. i’m not making anything out of my life. as your friend! i’ll die? the soul is probably small, i should have let my emotions take over! i’m a hopeless case. completely breaking down! i still want the same thing i always have. you never change… won’t die until i’m dead!
programmer, or programmed?
calls for quick decisions and guessing
suddenly, games will become the most important media of our time
they can’t listen
i won’t ever let go of your hand
you never change.
after all, we’re only empty shells bound by our past
i’m not that down that i need you to punch me.
how could i let the past distract me?
you might even lose everything
do and undo-me.
nothing is fun arms length away.
i love being together with you!
i’ve got nothing!
today’s regrets are hard to get over
yesterday’s memories are hard to forget
for “real”?
fall and perish like rotten apples!
i hate myself.
my one and only best friend.
as my friend…
as your friend!
i’m not making anything out of my life.
i couldn’t care less about that.
intensity, duration, certainty, purity
i’m jealous.
impossibly underrated, despite its popularity
heart-raising action to comedy so ridiculous that i laugh alone in my room
money and gain.
“we reject no one, so take nothing from us”
they need to fight some devils.
i still want the same things i always have
what was truly important came to me before what i wanted.
we’ll always be friends!
i’ll feel i did the best i could.
living life the only way you can.
i’m a hopeless case.
i can’t let things stay this way.
i don’t know what the future holds.
the soul is probably small,
only liven and then died.
how long must you make a fool of us?
you promise to do things differently next time. 
it was because i insisted…
a spiteful person!
the cursed one is the one who wishes.
i really mean it.
a lethal pop quiz does need to be answered.
strangled by your own aura.
when family members differ in opinion or objective,
i have issues, but you are just as bad.
and defense of human nature
“ an almost random collection of psych-outs, battles, puzzles, and trickery”
that would require stopping to think…
everything becomes more complicated.
how i’ve fallen.
total happiness, roman circus.
try not to die until you’re dead.
reforming institution
wonderful things happen to someone like me?
to be so happy?
i never had a chance…
… won’t die until i’m dead!
i was an idiot.
we have all obtained rather inconvenient bodies.
when i fail, you win.
hesitating to be gracious,
proving troublesome.
history of unkindness
totally snap.
dove and wolf and serpent problem
or will you just die?
i should have let my emotion take over!
why are you lying?
remember us!
completely breaking down!
we were both empty.
so we could have a free, open discussion. 
you presume to know i cannot win?
then i can’t ask, and i don’t want to!
you can’t talk… and you don’t want to, anyway.
can they think? can they suffer?
why are you so needlessly frightened?
however, i am now free. 
you should have wondered whether that was my real self.
something’s not right.
lingering pleasure and despondency,
i smell odorless deodorant…
this isn’t what i was given to expect.
the shock was even greater to those who didn’t know what was going on.
was “just because.”
we still haven’t correctly deduced what happened.
i have no double that i shall be slowly bored to death!
a nameless king… in a borrowed castle.
marvelous moves keep flooding into my mind…
making a boat of smoke?
i’ll be garbage.
i was pretty happy
it is possible to create multiple entrances.
it seems you don’t understand your own power.
you can’t destroy the walls or the hourglass.
this is an uncommonly stupid girl
because i watched you, spoke to you, and decided to trust you.
increment of good
you’re the partner i’ve been looking for.
time is no measure of trust!
we miss more what is taken away from us than what we haven’t got
i didn’t choose to be this way!
don’t be so trusting of me!
no one can sense my existence.
perfect utilitarian baby, pursuing the happiness of everyone
the condition and earnings of those that will work, those that cannot work, and those that will not work
but it persists.
we’re friends…
i can’t give you what you truly want.
humans without intelligence or talent
a twisted, self-serving love…
i’ll never forgive you, as long as i live.
it sounds like you’re trying to convince yourself
there’s nothing romantic about my feelings…
but even so, is it still okay if i stay by your side?
we were fools!
this is reality
consequentialism 
no hope.
no hope…
how are you and i different?
you may well ask
an obsession with productivity that terrified me to the point that i couldn’t even talk about it, and pushed me to a nomadic point of madness that both dazzled and dizzied me.
and there are liars who also lie without reason.
that doesn’t sound like you at all
it’s been a while since i’ve had to work really hard.
this is the real world?
but we won’t be bored here.
fewer ‘fool’ words with more vagueness
more ‘fool’ words with more specificity 
friendly-hostile, or joking-serious
“generous; unsparing”
no doubt the grovelers around him are assuring him that a deer is a horse.
“call a deer a horse deliberate misrepresentation for ulterior purposes “
this is typical behavior for in-game characters.
but it’s the player mentality not the game, that scares me.
a conversation about my most political video yet
or would it be considered betrayal to lie?
would it be considered betrayal to speak?
don’t exist.
a one hundred percent accurate fortune written in verse.
why would you tell us something so important?
if you won’t treat us as friends or equals…
the calendar loses a precious component.
you finally sound like yourself again
yes, i have no idea… because i’m stupid!
we’re not here to have fun!
a condition and a condition?
i love idle chat.
besides, Judas wasn’t a traitor.
a technique for locating water or metals underground
the satisfaction of people’s preferences
welfare consists
don’t you interrupt my work or this splendid moon.
i was always running after
do you have fun when we’re together?
launder preferences
i think it’s fun to be with you.
strengthening your will? flimsy lies, my answer is both yes and no.
though there are plenty of things i don’t want to do.
my answer is both yes and no.
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER A NIGHT TO FORGET?
strengthening your will
flimsy lies
spring green teardrop
we can work together to figure it out!
we both have to think of a way to settle this fight!
they are ugly and sad.
who knows where the literary zeitgeist lives?
“between an empty ‘real’ and a dark ‘virtual’”
we will find rules
“its a willingness to question the meaning of contemporary life”
a gambler who focuses on avoiding a loss won’t ever win.
because i did
appears to be very honest
what moral philosophy does
who wants to have their life planned out for the,?
and unyielding conviction…
we are not told the narrator is lying, and the possibility that he is lying shocks us “structurally”; but this possibility exists— since he is also a character— and hesitation is thereby generated in the reader.
non-represented narrator,
truth is a relation between words and the things that the words designate; now, in literature, these “things” do not exist.
never seen as yet, still to come—  
hence to a future, and thereby to the past, except in the present
a pure limit between the past and the future.
there’s no saying how long that might be so
heaven can be found on earth in a one-room second-floor apartment, you know?
why are you the devil?
you’ll give me half!
pinky swear made…
you’re talking too fast. why are you talking so fast?
i was driving the bus, i could not control the wheel.
and when the dog bites just be glad it’s interested.
i couldn’t tell you why i lie like i do
sometimes I’m not sure who i am
hell was hot underneath and heaven heavy above
yeah i guess people love machines
but i’m socially inept…
quiet! shut up, shut up, shut up!
how cute!
it’s nothing! it’s nothing! it’s nothing! it’s nothing!
since you’re supportive of each other like that , i know things will go well!
no way do we want to go to greenland, right?
couples with not enough time together.
are you capable of using the stairs quietly.
do you feel no filial piety?
bye! sorry for interrupting.
you can see i’m slipping…
and hey, they give me meals at work!
it’s not like we’ve got no money left! i’ve still got some in my wallet!
well…
to obtain “records” and “certificates of residence” at this “ward office”
working demon king! or demon lord at work!
premonitions even if we count the days
their romance seemed to stall out,
it’s statements like this that brought about the age of dense indecisive harem protagonists.
the effect of full-drive technology on the real world is the hottest topic in all fields today
you promised i could join only when i had time and leave whenever i wanted.
proust’s in search of lost time.
the possibility that even if each individual is clear, the group isn’t….
“today’s youth trauma”
creating and administering a law that is unworthy of protection
as well as a clear mind and judgement
i don’t care about your logic
necessity rather than its justifiability.
i see… he satirizes science and politics
technical knowledge and practical knowledge…
you shouldn’t shoulder everything thing all by yourself
who rule the world with no one being the wiser
no, it’s boundlessly fair.
they had to act as if there wasn’t instead, in order to keep their sanity.
live carefree.
parental anxieties reflect their circumstances. 
they are more worried about their children being depressed or anxious.
they are taught to be compliant and deferential to adults.
children at war with adults
more about joke formats.
like that a post gets before users click on it and the ones it gets after they’ve clicked 
—even if you don’t actually hit “like” on them.
people Facebook-liked.
the computer’s grasp of similarity,
(1) it uses probabilities rather than the true/false binary. (2) humans accept a loss control and precision over the details of the algorithm. (3) the algorithm is refined and modified through a feedback process.
(sometimes impossible) to understand, ricky to debug, and harder to control. 
we’re building hardware, we’re’er building software.
we’re building systems,
google is no longer a search company— its a machine-learning company
how people would rank stories in their feeds themselves
glass has been deeply puzzling 
not very well defined transition
premature to declare the age of algorithm over before it really began
discount the negative value of their hides.
5 percent— were doing 85 percent
it doesn’t just predict whether you’ll actually hit the like button on a post based on your past behavior. it also predicts whether you’ll click, comment, share, or hide it, or even make it as spam. it will predict these outcomes, and others, with certain degree of confidence, then combine them all to produce a single relevancy score that’s specific to you and that post. once every possible post in your feed has received its relevancy score, the sorting algorithm can put them in the order that you’ll see them on the screen. the post you see at the top of your feed, then, has been chosen over thousands of others as the most likely to make you laugh, cry, smile, click, like, share, or comment.
he’s in charge of the humans who are in charge
100-year-old newspapers wither and die. 
did you hear about that mother? broke her daughter’s legs in two and said, “it’s too dangerous out there to walk so i had to save you”
embedded: many networked devices are integrated into the environment
context aware: these devices can recognize you and your situational context
personalized: they can be tailored to your needs
adaptive:they can change in response to you
anticipatory:they can anticipate your desires without conscious mediation
liquid nature in the solid finish
cloud or fog based decision makers
from a media perspective, Data is the key derivative of device inter-connectivity, whilst being pivotal in allowing clearer accuracy in targeting.
abusive patterns are long-term and ingrained
product of the human mind, 
“bitcoin doesn’t care about borders”
manufacturedness of it 
they are increased efficiency in financial systems; greater consumer choice, access, privacy and protection; transparency; direct self-governance and the decentralization of authority and human empowerment over wealth, property and identity.
banks think it could be the future of financial transactions, while diamond miners hope it will help end the trade in conflict diamonds
“computers are learning, the programmers are learning and the people are learning to get used to these things.”
injuries should diminish because most accidents will be minor
a model with no steering wheel or gas pedal
exclusively human
the advantage of the bitcoin blockchain without sacrificing control of the network have as a consequence led to an arms race in the development of so-called “private blockchains,” also known as distributed ledger or consensus algorithm technology.
cash might “cease to exist”
“money-like informational commodity”
lawns cover human manipulations like thick pelts or even toupees,
the formless proliferates,
quarries reopened to excavate the ‘same’ stone,
as you recover from junkspace, junkspace recovers from you:
negotiated isolation
architects could never explain space
conditioned space inevitably becomes conditional space; 
physical alteration of existing human beings 
changes to how existing human bodies are perceived 
the creation of novel humanoid bodies 
physical alteration of existing human environments 
changes to the way we perceive existing human environments
creation of novel human environments
chill 1 hour
constant and mediated social connections
everyday luxury good
“it’s just a game”
“its all in my head”
“see you later”
“you can’t see me”
“you don’t know me”
both of us untouched.
wanted to steal.
fusion has been a project of formidable— but in many ways unrealized aspirations; the parent company realizes a profit on the television portion of fusion only because its in-house offerings have been cut back sharply in favor of programs by outside contractors.
fundamental question: who owns an online identity created at a commercial Web site? does an online identity belong to the person who created it, or to the company that owns the software used to create the identity?
whenever an individual interacts in a social sphere they portray a man of their identity.
the online disinhibition effect 
“sorry about the tag clouds”
like a dirt clod 
alloy or chrome?
current electricity loses its dynamism
excitement and optimism, though quiet stability prevails
the need fore neutrals
a persuasive yet gentle tone 
how do we say that money matters outside the granting room but doesn’t exist inside the granting room?
host bot mother creates engagers
attached female seeking males
attached male seeking females
single make seeking attached females
single female seeking attached makes
attached make seeking males
attached female seeking females
when fake humans contacted real ones. 
every thought i’ve ever wanted to process is flashing before my eyes
punctuated by amorphous color-fields 
if a dog wore a mech suit would he wear it like this or like this?
a unifying and universal standard that doesn’t 
sorry longings for your rolling over and yet 
our new connection overlord 
price fixing milk products 
the scales of the cyphochilus beetle— a photonic crystal structure
wow, cool!
first of all, we don’t want to breed towards early types and late types, and that’s exactly what we would be doing.
sleep schedules become a convenient scapegoat for problems that have nothing to do with sleep
“larks” or “owls”
in recent years, a consensus has emerged that sleep is a critical health issue, but researchers have largely focused on individual behavior. 
the flowers did not find her. 
deepening situational awareness
until the year 2890.
“bellwether”
“the entire fluoropolymers industry”
willing to roll the dice
its eye a brilliant, chemical blue. 
because i’m going to bring it out in the open for people to see.
and watching secretariat win the triple crown on tv.
automatically, to reduce anxiety.
“ if i don’t use it, i become extremely uncomfortable and can’t think about anything else. i make sure i always have it on me… i worry about what it would be like if there were some kind of event that… disrupts distributions and availability of goods.”
you once rejected my attempts to control our lives, forcefully! but now you’ve allowed another to succeed in my role!
seemingly gratuitous dinosaur subplot
money-grub brand exploitation and fan-base slap in the face
the first hollywood movie based on a video game 
causing many of the actors to be confused about what they were actually doing
“by sounding a little like everything you’ve every heard, the whole sounds like nothing you’ve ever heard”
to study neuroscience.
too awesome for actual children
…the movie had to be pointless in order to make sense.
but i would ask: not successful at what?
“dogme film-within-a-film”
with this, he borsht brought a prop onto the set and used “special lighting”
recycles or appropriates obscure sounds and images from a variety of sources including: old cartoons, commercials, and late-night television.
a process of repeating objects in a self-similar way. 
whimsical and flippant,
outside of, thought interconnected with, the plot of each episode. 
resembles that of video games such as second life and the sims.
deeply nested, often recursive
“too morbid and too incomprehensible for young viewers”
“life logging”
somehow i don’t have the heart to tell him the truth: its a camera, snapping two pictures a minute,
CALL ME POSEIDON NEPTUNE I’LL HAVE EVERYTHING
stop the dogs…
man, i never should’ve cooperated with the police 
one of those composite happenings
you don’t sleep, you don’t get tired, you don’t give up, you don’t die, and you don’t care.
“life is suffering— and yet.”
dont ghost
early plastic.
little province who really lost control
but it’s not really possible to digitize a human mind and soul. ultimately, its fake, an imitation. just a machine that emulates a pilot’s thinking process.
giant human.
(aka “Giant Impact”)
super-teens piloting big, powerful machines and saving the world for monsters.
one becomes part of film’s multimedia data stream.
“i feel sick”
“berserk”
i’m totally divergent”
parameter refers to a variable.
anime needs no form! no more speculative anime
LOOK MOM NO HANDS
head in the clouds
thursday: black, soundless watermelons
i watched them fall from a top branch. i watched them near-drown in a mud pool. i kicked them in the ditch. i thought their shaking bodies. i ran my hands through their hair. i said, “do you like the taste of dirt?” i filled my own mouth up.
this walking, stumbling, three headed tree of coconuts is the entire reason i wanted to write about this topic 
collection of ghosts, spirits, spooks and monsters,
(such as pink “peace-loving” bob-omg buddies).
the earliest reference to solar sailing was in the Jules Verne’s 1865 novel From Earth to the Moon
often unfamiliar with science fiction.
but the future limits— the extent to which dreams of what we’ll do remain captive to the things we’ve already done.
violence now?
H.G. Wells’ War of the Worlds.
its three heads think independently. however, they are friendly and never appear to squabble 
illegible but swift approaching future, visible throughout history
serenity sad face
hybridity
engaged historian
he has no arms, legs, or neck, though he has hands, feet, and a head that are able to move independently from his body.
it is even capable of briefly running on the water’s surface. 
writing with hindsight, what’s the problem?
too much is too much, too little is not having motivation
“electronic super highway”
“the only thing i read is manga— I’m bored by everything else. it’s the greatest form of entertainment there is”
quintessentially, timelessly, nothing to do with novelty—
BLUE EYELINER BLUE EYELINER BLUE EYELINER
much that was made it
was a sci-fi obsessive and an experimentalist 
we are all managing how to integrate these new notions of digital, virtual, and cyber with our real life.”
no temple at all
a painterly smudge of cyan, a tight cobalt line, blue makeup movement
hazy pastel masks that encapsulated the brows and bridge of the nose, too
shoppers are hungrier than ever for something to grab onto,
in a word: profusion.
awkward, excruciating silence.
a general lack of permanency. 
the police felt used. 
just listened, then hung up. 
friendship, lost.
how many times you wait but nothing today and the evening is over
most of the time your “mystery tiles” are either FLOWERS or JOKERS.
gracelessly
will i wait patiently, patiently?
patiently walk with me
wait for me patiently
but i still felt the wiser
do you ever think about the nights when i?
everyone eats then everyone’s gone-right?
but don’t miss me goodness
then gone in the goodies wish i would stay here every time
general-purpose utility, non-discontinuity augmentation maneuvering
literally “find a way”
“when 80% of human experience is filtered through the eyes, we understand that the choice of color is critical.”
walkthrough
(the freest)
it is a space and time to live as an artist, not for trying to make a living.
i knew at first glance that it was no ordinary fluffball
social script
her entire name is structured as a pun, 
the best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity
something’s not right.
where current structural configurations  condition future outcomes. 
i had a very poor nothing like christmas.
never has a good christmas all my life, 
why do you try so hard to live?
a posthuman is a hypothetical future being “whose basic capacities so radically exceed those of present humans as to be no longer ambiguously human by our own standards.”
what looked like political history
black friday is traditionally the best time of the year to purchase a new macbook air.
dreams of spit, 
i am a dog, i just sat up and begged said, "I’m not so sure i’d like being dead.” but am i much better lying here in my bed?
“a complete smash cut of all the monstrous, maniacal, political clowns.”
color: clean coal
i’m tired of the fact i still have constantly to prove something.
can we still hang?
it’s important to leave people more confused than how you found them.
“we’re depressive because we’re hopeful”
i remember summer 2012 
sorry, so sorry
sometimes something hat’s in your head just spills out of your mouth just like that!
i prefer a world where we raise our hands to celebrate the sun, instead of shielding ourselves from fear of the light. 
as you see, this is a year of extremes.
what i fool i used to be
it’s no use
LEARNING TO GO UNDERWATER
you will understand
“the onion must be chopped finely.”
those lectures made me think a lot.
where we’re enjoying ourselves.
there are maneuvering to suppress the sounds of happy laugher here.
understated coming-of-age 20th century period pieces
THESE IDEAS ARE TERRIBLE
i think she wants to kill you. i think you’re going to die.
(sobbing)
life would be pointless.
i just dreamed of you in my sleep.
“a corrupted heart is a different kind of room: it’s full of cluttered thought and ideas and teeming with bodies and the door is locked”
time and space do not exist.
memory fades
let no one into darkness fall
the public is any food on the street 
PUBLIC INFORMATION FOOLS ALL OF THE PUBLIC ALL OF THE TIME
lesser triangle, greater triangle, double triangle, the square
(umbrella step, stroll, cake-walk, somersault, finder-trawl, squat-jump, pilgrimage, philly dog, etc.)
dreams of hallucinations that haven’t happened.
BOOKS LOVE THE KIDS!
already living in a simulation
the show’s american voice actors admitted that they also had trouble understanding the series’ conclusion
when i hold seashells to my ears
shout into the wind 
i identify my starting by asking which is least compatible with yours
(aka Well Witching)
the old wireless,
(magic user) 
(MMORPG)
mind-trapped
negative emotional data,
trying to destabilize the system.
interact with one another within a world.
(often in a fantasy world or science-fiction world)
persistent game world, some form of progression, social interaction within the game, in-game culture, system architecture, membership in a group, and character customization.
in-game universe
the level treadmill,
this sometimes forces players to change their real-world schedules in order to “keep up” within the game-world.
friends or partners met outside the game,
games are always online
“freemium”
“pay for perks”
“looking for group”
content
(though not for open-world questing)
since then, instancing
the interactions between MMORPG players are real even if the environments are virtual
the online female personal has a number of positive social attributes
cognitive behavioral model of Internet addition 
high degree of avatar identification
self-concept.
immersion, competition, cooperation and achievement
the emerging field of gamification.
a virtual economy can be analyzed
the purchase of in-game items for real-world currency.
exchanges of real-world currencies for virtual currencies
the emergence of virtual crime,
real-live acts of violence stemming from in-game transactions.
“pokemon for the games, digimon for the anime”
crisp, shiny, and cuddly
high-school occult clubs and subliminal messages in pop songs
the lamest episodes of forgotten mystery anime serials that no ones cares about. 
into for causals, 
that’s… quite serious.
it’s not like i enjoy being in this state!
the brain that controls language comprehension
our unwritten laws.
books to kill time.
completely useless knowledge,
“it was fun”
it was fun. it was fun. it was fun. it was fun. it was fun.
are we really fragile?
you are… mysterious… and strange.
in the end, i hardly got any sleep…
inconsequential time
what’s up with this soft smile that i’ve never seen before?
bored with life right now?
was i really here yesterday?
or are we just some enigmatic secret organization?
i see, so it’s a bloodbath.
that meaningless sense
present progressive tense, huh?
i’m positive that i could get along with you like always!
just die once,
the ordinary life suits you.
i’m 50 percent in a good moor, 50 percent in a bad mood. 
and that’s precisely why kids are so scare, huh?
2 people subscribe to you anonymously
aimless normalcy itself…
i’m so bored. 
like we were before.
completely unexpected
i adore you all!
“hey, hey, i can’t walk like this.”
they were lovey-dovey.
time paradox?
let’s get going!
that long, long, impossible dream…
we were both dreaming
“life’s vicissitudes?”
who do you think you are?
who knew you were still alive?the way i find out everything 
i can be on the outside looking in.
you should sneak into people’s houses.
you’ll never clear up this misunderstanding.
a coincidence? inevitable? it’s unclear.
comfortably nervous. 
i can’t return your feelings.
resent me.
a rumor only lasts seventy-five days
i can’t even trust myself
medals of pure gold are excessively soft.
i accept this coffee.
there is no one in the chat room.
for you to crack jokes and laugh like you used to.
it all began with a cellphone. i think.
wanting for nothing,
was still too young,
i never went on the internet
everyone’s always smiling, having fun…
…running a gallery as a from.
so nice, and so smart.
but you’re you,
customer, support us tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
those “get-togethers”
i was a stalker!
twenty minutes out of the 13.6 billion-odd years in the history of the universe is as good as nothing. 
you’ve wasted at least 25 minutes.
restart the flow of time once again
practically hacking the system.
you non-humans?
this isn’t a dream, is it?
… i think it’d be better not to see each other yet.
when you have multiple personalities on the internet,
they’re obviously not thinking of the consequences
and why i was tied up with a knot so easily undone?
why are you forcing the tiresome position on me?
that means you’re free to make unilateral decisions!
just a non-rotting corpse to non-rotting zombie…
beings or becomings
i’ll die?
but just because Disney wants ESPN in skinny bundles doesn’t mean Disney will get ESPN in skinny bundles.
a formal first person plural,
i couldn’t care less.
i sometimes don’t think i know you at all.
it’s none of my business! it’s none of my business!
nothing!
doubts? never!
abandon me? kill me?
maybe it might be nice to have that kind of life now.
clicking of a tiny heart or thumbs-.up
dead to me, but he wasn’t gone.
i feel like i’m going to forget my own face!
To make my dreams come true, HERE WE GO!
what do you think is the real non-everyday?
my dreams are always lies that i tell myself
i felt like you were drifting away from me, so i got scared. 
becoming friends, and drifting apart.
but i really, really, want to be your friend now!
we, i’m off to do things my own way.
what makes one feel more like an “inside” view while the other shifts “outside”?
best friends? friendship?—anything that you can conceive of as a game,
and now i’m mired in
we love our AI.
just about one iPhone
“will i dream when i’m turned off?”
i really DO exist!
we’re not the most current, the most young, the most popular and connected, 24/7!
a debate surrounds the origins of the “large eyes”
i’m jealous.
i couldn’t care less about that.
a sustained meditation on hopelessness
tiniest dead leaves clinging to the highest branches
Gyred
goodwill in spite of things
possibility of rigging
detaching ideas
high-key overhaul
conspiratorial
decompression
deadmau
methodologies
protomindmaps
lampshading
baseballcards
damned if we do damned if we don’t
telling people what to do projection
yardstick mentality
brandedunbranded
metainsufficiencies
gateways
vital and inconsequential missed opportunities
 vanquishpeerrevere
distributed involvement
overcommitment w no followthrough
precontextualizing superficial feelgoods
fake jakobing
institutional turmoil
nonexistent encumbered collaborations with anyone
soft launching the self evident
rigor
asking everyone for everything
birth of lurks
lines in the sand
shrouded in plausible deniability
perilous reasonability
distributed backfire
unscaling snowball
waning peak interest
far sentiment
without occasion or platform
infinite space for no stakes bullshit
all talk all the time
everyone everything gets nothing
fake fun
benders
just how it goes
limitations of proposals
reasons why things don’t mesh
shitstorm
thieves in the night
tropey RPG post atomic crumpled paper fallout of the neohippy oasis
overstaying our welcome
you can’t fire us we don’t exist
great snail
duress
internal collapses in a different state
painful to find out they hated it and pretend it wasn’t a fiasco
stupid form
overestimating momentum
nervous pitfalls
availability wanes
vocalized desire
watered down bbq
throttling social posturing
interpersonal dynamics are real
broader cohesion
incompatibility manifests across urgency levels
new shapes
anything happening at all
emotional gjovernance
unspecified research interests
specified/unspecified love interests
ulterior motives rule everything
sitting down to have a meeting meant nothing
remaining inconceivable at all times without aspiring to
best of times worst of times
lip service to the wrong kernel of truth
touching a dark heart
collective town amnesia
rewriting ourselves as failures
intensity of desire that can never be explained
a spirit of effort
untold stories
nobody will believe nothing is a fine answer
not your vacation to consider
there was a time when it would be normal to figure it out
standing by concepts that were realized or not
find the nougats and get the fuck out of there
platformless disambiguation
non-announcement
backlogged with meaningless questions
never took off just happening
unnerving
ghost pitch
time-release
not a threat just weird
50% more reasonable nice and understandable
doing exponentially more w almost nothing
getting it in a way that feels bad
wtf are you talking about just give me $5
unattached unprepared and didn’t care
Smaller thoughts

You didn't used to be so stupid

The more you know the worse you are 

Making the same impulsive mistakes

Living the same shape, repeated

Thinking you know better

You didn't used to be this dumb

How'd you get to be this dumb

Each love is a lifetime 

Age of nouveau ambivalence 

Not wanting to live, failing to thrive 

Who thought better, who thought they knew better

We've seen it all before

Knowing something about yourself 
Knowing nothing about yourself 

A self confidence that's scares people
A self loathing that scares people
And intensity of desire that scares people
A situation where you can't win

But you've also never won 

A situation where people see your steady or deep decline and just watch

Asking for help when no ones listening

Not knowing how to help

Growing apart together

Sleeping inside outside

Holding yourself 

The only space I have is digital and I don't know how to use it

When people can't hear you because they can't care about you reciprocally

When you reach a new low

Remembering deeply thru an absence if memory

Visceral memory energy

That sinking feeling 

A same old new thing

A new thing that's the same 

Same
Power of habit 

Analysis
Predetermined 
Self-determination
Prejudice

Impacted

Representation
On behalf of
together with

Use, value, exchange
Will 
Halt on the brink
Oppositional
Ethical from inception 
Means and wills
masking
Stewardship
extra institutional 
Progress the true and only heaven
'The new class'
no place of grace 
the age of acquiescence, mergers and acquisitions 
No dissent, auto-canabalism
Thoughtless consensus 
Triumph of the therapeutic, over morality
Hannah arrent- on education, 
why Johnny can't read
Ideas thru a commercial lens
Studies vs discipline 
Sally fish critical studies are over
Love me or leave me alone

Irl bad double blind afk bind 
Lots of thought, good for nothing 

Let it all sink in 
More writing less talking
More thoughts
Communication cannot escape embodiment 
Goodbye cruel world
You forgot
The work you do
Will I care again?
Small funny thought
Steady, punctuation, question, practice, try again, try again, think it through 
I didn't know
I knew all too well 
I know too much
I don't know
Will I care again? 
No plans
Barely anything to lose just refining, redefining 
What was the question ?
of it all 
Hello me
Put yourself out there

Forget what you forgot
Remember when we forgot?
It's not that loud in here
Everything's softer than I thought 
Hello hello hello hello 
I'll never find you
Get it together
Second best, you're just jealous!
Unexpected not what I thought
Me and my team we need some really nice things me and mine you and yours we need some really nice things
It's not what I thought 
In my mind
I was born this way
I could learn to hold my head up high 
It's a mistake
Oh you're not O
How could I have thought badly
This is awful
Yellow green
Make it stop
Hello green 
You see me I see you
Oh lover dear
Everything is fine here near 
Everything is give now 
Your feelings sincere 
I throw myself in two foo fighters
Come waste away with me
I'm sorry no you led me on weirdly 
What now 
What a time to be alive 
You trying to let me down
It's barely working old memory of trader joes in Maryland with old friends
Lots of time to be alive and feel simulated situations 
I should go but I stay
But I stay 
come on will power just leave! 
Think back to whatever you thought was possible and know it's not!
It was obviously never possible just posturing dang
Pyscho pass 5 watch it again
But baby that was a long long time ago
I'm not feeling this it I'm not feeling it this 
So glad we made it
Stars under their feet 
I'm fed up I'm tired of waiting on you
I'm fed up I'm tired of waiting in you the lights are on but no ones home 

Vastness at the pastness
Slides are lies

My body doesn't fit
Where?
In the spirit 

Nintendo, Pokemon, pikachu, minion, Pantone 

Deflated inflateables
Unflated flateables

Life file 
Matrix, crying, rain, turkey 

1905 football on the edge of collapsing, too many deaths, burgeoning rule book 
I'm just a girl
I've had it up to here 
18th Angel 
Brittney lilo Hillary 
Pre-Instrumentality
Great black hole of providence
Understand eachother
End it all and leave forever 
Returns to nothing
Tumbling down 
I just keep letting me down 
I'm trying to zoom past you that's the problem

Fuck the Whitney in my mind
 in the basement ICKY dark room 3000 with or without a curtain in the leather harness 
"Should I pee on it"-subtle salute 
Non coercive rearrangement of desire 

"Joyfully bouncing at the bottom of the well"
We get the check everyone reaches nirvana and not a second earlier 
"If I could keep up to date with the freshest algos in the form of a people's magazine of algos ..... I would"
Lonely pears pairing
Always together both inextricably 
Heartsick
Kpop my hair, it could happen 

Botfarm 
Pin the Berlin hat
Pantone cups 
Retina scanners
My own uncandy valley
Big uncanny mountain 
Dramedy
In the next cult......
I accept full responsibility for allowing pre-existing organized religion in to our cult which it has destroyed in a domino effect and I am confident we will repeat these same mistakes 

All I know is that I remembered the lyrics to a song called the Sphinx that says it all 

Sphinx: the musical 
POPR taller ceilings taller thoughts naked thought no ceilings
I shocked myself 

Like heart sticker as read receipt 

Footstep choreography for manga
Small small cut out, movements that gesture, we come across 

Strategically delicious 

The anime is innocent
It's not hit it's a haunting
Univision

Criming a river 

Crimean river

Univision union
Double unfreestyle a verse 
Lie in bed all day 
Picture better days
Well I swear to god I won't love you forever 
Again 

I just would have let myself die 
No hope for us
Lay down and die 

Believe in not again
Another seashore
But what did you expect 
You were right no one is running this whole thing 
Is it true that you
So true lie in bed all day
What I'd really hoped that is I'd lost 
Wide eyed hope that's I'd lost 
I hate myself 

Dogmatic uncertainty, complicity, design 

War animals falconer drones gyre passwords availability pre time
turn on tv
What purpose did I serve in your life lol I can do bad all on my own loll
It's not what I wanted it's how I got it 
Wickedly entangled stupidest friendship yet
Pokemon binder 3D glasses small black mouse broken laptop 
Don't need to know basis
Dreaming near the sea
Using limited sympathy, I'm going to need it
You might loose your edge, mind, thinking, my edge,who I am, who am I? Intact thing,softer thing, duller edge, sense of, I am my edge, my edge is me, I'm not a thing with an edge, that's me, lost my mind, sharp, think shut up, and yet here I am, mixed motives, what's done?

Frozen water trade, 99i, food, military, preservatives, expiration, glass, sugar, salt, metropolitics 
Supply chain logistics, the first one us anyways free (neoliberal)
Anti folkloric , love of form, love out of form 

You may not doubt this love now, you know where this is going, bound into their love, free to act, if our emotions are this strong, actions you take for that love, deny the self's loving, be true to myself, self fulfillment, the pain of others, they could not do otherwise, you have to love me, must and should and want, so suited to eachother and want to be together, honeysuckle bound together forever, separated by death, it's not the same suffering 

Modern power 
Electron Amber 

If I had joined some other circle, I would have surely spent quite a different two years 

Count down the hours turn off the lights 
I'm about to get lost on purpose 
No fun
You were trying not to feel nervous if you were trying at all

Less committed vanguard 
If you'll be tomorrow I'll be today 
I want to be more
For us 
Far behind me
Lemon drops balmy nights
That's where you'll find me
I've got nothing to say
Every time 
Presently affectionate
It would have been okay
We could have had
I would have
You can save me
You can have
Another bestfriend's arms, leave this room for now, fell away, girlish charm
Days at night nothing seems the same and I can't feel a thing my body's like a wave crashing down on my breaking to the see everything seems strange had a dream, the past is a stranger, life is ours to follow I can't change a thing, no one questions it dreaming of the sound, those dreams, I want to be

I could but why would I want to
What's love 
About trust
I can see the  end as it begins my one condition is
I think I can 


Log out in game time in-app
Better than wall-e

Customer consumer
Salt and vinegar 
Sorry home 
Your all-alone friend 
You're all alone friend?
My gundams my google my garden!
Interplanetary transfer of microorganisms
keep thinking about
Every straight face
What about them?
Pick up the phone then
So this is it then?
That's what makes it double okay 
Noncept 
Nunevitability 
All the boys are dead, I know one of the bot makers 
Won't stop blowing up
Thinking, effort, application
Credibility diminishes, 
Journalism as such
There's no long huge future and I'm not interested
Enormous value
Ad market overall is fraught 
Pressure in advertising 
Everyone wants your cup of coffee, nothing good will happen, we are good to that effort
Books that you want to be seen having

Not a little wary, instant article
Conde naste, happening everywhere, how can we deal with all the trends we've been talk about 
Editorial to business

Writers can get on airplanes 
I'd like some assurance 
We're a profitable enterprise 
Political opinion magazine- you're owned by someone wealthy 

If I ignore business, there's not journalism to be had
Here's where I worry, local, provincial journalism 
First person present tense app, process if creating and viewing a video, consumer application- on off mute Chanel up/channel down 
The key to it is time compression, the business of time compression 

The universe wasn't that big, off-line advertising 
Product price place and promotion 
The tropical sun is blinding

We are not lying It's a metaphor but I'm trying to explain that I'm gliding that I'm gliding away from earth on a biplane I wish that my wings would melt like that big Guy's did 

Some water or just a breeze I've been a good boy I deserve all of these some water or just a must I've been a good boy I deserve all of this 

If we knew exactly where we came from 

Your past, present, and future knowledge 
At least I can say that I'm trying 
Who you used to be

 "So I must become purposeless—on purpose?"

tired, slow, and reactive, it cannot predict 

Progressive enhancement 
Don't need to know basis
Dreaming near the sea
Using limited sympathy, I'm going to need it
You might loose your edge, mind, thinking, my edge,who I am, who am I? Intact thing,softer thing, duller edge, sense of, I am my edge, my edge is me, I'm not a thing with an edge, that's me, lost my mind, sharp, think shut up, and yet here I am, mixed motives, what's done?

Frozen water trade, 99i, food, military, preservatives, expiration, glass, sugar, salt, metropolitics 
Supply chain logistics, the first one us anyways free (neoliberal)
Anti folkloric , love of form, love out of form 

You may not doubt this love now, you know where this is going, bound into their love, free to act, if our emotions are this strong, actions you take for that love, deny the self's loving, be true to myself, self fulfillment, the pain of others, they could not do otherwise, you have to love me, must and should and want, so suited to eachother and want to be together, honeysuckle bound together forever, separated by death, it's not the same suffering 

Modern power 
Electron Amber 

If I had joined some other circle, I would have surely spent quite a different two years 

Count down the hours turn off the lights 
I'm about to get lost on purpose 
No fun
You were trying not to feel nervous if you were trying at all

Less committed vanguard 
If you'll be tomorrow I'll be today 
I want to be more
For us 
Far behind me
Lemon drops balmy nights
That's where you'll find me
I've got nothing to say
Every time 
Presently affectionate
It would have been okay
We could have had
I would have
You can save me
You can have
Another bestfriend's arms, leave this room for now, fell away, girlish charm
Days at night nothing seems the same and I can't feel a thing my body's like a wave crashing down on my breaking to the see everything seems strange had a dream, the past is a stranger, life is ours to follow I can't change a thing, no one questions it dreaming of the sound, those dreams, I want to be

I could but why would I want to
What's love 
About trust
I can see the  end as it begins my one condition is
I think I can 


Log out in game time in-app
Better than wall-e

Customer consumer
Salt and vinegar 
Sorry home 
Your all-alone friend 
You're all alone friend?
My gundams my google my garden!
Interplanetary transfer of microorganisms
keep thinking about
Every straight face
What about them?
Pick up the phone then
So this is it then?
That's what makes it double okay 
Noncept 
Nunevitability 
All the boys are dead, I know one of the bot makers 
Won't stop blowing up
Thinking, effort, application
Credibility diminishes, 
Journalism as such
There's no long huge future and I'm not interested
Enormous value
Ad market overall is fraught 
Pressure in advertising 
Everyone wants your cup of coffee, nothing good will happen, we are good to that effort
Books that you want to be seen having

Not a little wary, instant article
Conde naste, happening everywhere, how can we deal with all the trends we've been talk about 
Editorial to business

Writers can get on airplanes 
I'd like some assurance 
We're a profitable enterprise 
Political opinion magazine- you're owned by someone wealthy 

If I ignore business, there's not journalism to be had
Here's where I worry, local, provincial journalism 
First person present tense app, process if creating and viewing a video, consumer application- on off mute Chanel up/channel down 
The key to it is time compression, the business of time compression 

The universe wasn't that big, off-line advertising 
Product price place and promotion 
The tropical sun is blinding

We are not lying It's a metaphor but I'm trying to explain that I'm gliding that I'm gliding away from earth on a biplane I wish that my wings would melt like that big Guy's did 

Some water or just a breeze I've been a good boy I deserve all of these some water or just a must I've been a good boy I deserve all of this 

If we knew exactly where we came from 

Your past, present, and future knowledge 
At least I can say that I'm trying 
Who you used to be

 "So I must become purposeless—on purpose?"

tired, slow, and reactive, it cannot predict 

Progressive enhancement 
why does nobody talk about browsers?

assessing believability of each other, when no one thing is true?

by in large

Getting blown away by the train pulling in, types of reaction to any number of things, little ticks 
Young people, hyper un/socialized+ strength of superficial/desperate/simulated socializing 

Sheep with 2 sets of human legs 
aging audience
on the margins of time
critics pointed out a general focus on humiliation and shame, and panned it out for its characters and reliance on a single joke throughout the series. 
oops, something went wrong. 
i don't mind being a puppet 
you're beyond hopeless.
you were always like that?
i really can't get a read on what you're thinking 
so i'm without anyone to get pumped up about manga with, and i'm so lonely...
sour faced secretary
who can't tell fact from fiction!
the crime of delusion!
delusion!
signs of language
formal familiar.
hey! hey! hey! hey! 
don't put it do simply!
representation of sound 
so we got our happily ever after, remember?
spread that menacing vibe
answers your text, but won't pick up the phone.
what you thin is right.
it's summer vacation, but 
you see that a lot both in manga and in real life.
who knew that someone was using my other chat name to masquerade as someone else?
both you and i are about to be used as cogs in a little war.
this life and the next life
are you subjecting me to the kind of disdain that implies statism now?
me?
subjecting 
that's not why you can't tell the difference between reality and fiction now, is it?
now, then, use me!
the cliffs, the rope, their friendship.
haven't we started to meet each other halfway?
a fantasy that's beyond convenient, eh?
they lasted 
had dreams of finding a dream
residents of this sea of electronics
fine... i'll be glad to be deceived by you.
what's about to happen here is, 
...just a little scary.
there is no on in the chat room 
was it already too late by then, maybe?
leaking personal info left and right!
doesn't this remind you of a customer log in a gaming arcade rife with interpersonal drama?
after all that sugarcoating, you ruined my life.
vanishingly small
at least take responsibility for what you've said in the past!
and out dazzling survival life..
...will begin!
let's survive!
i've gotten used to the way you talk.
bringing your personal feelings into your work will lead to undesirable results.
since i , too, find life precious.
there is not one in the chat room
i don't what does one say about one who has a brilliant idea?
the minute you've invented the paperclip you can't manage without 
people moving as well as objects
it depends what writing is for
the great vowel insertion 
something happened about then
non-inscribed writing 
will feel the desire of love 
we were feeling so desperately lonely, our minds and bodies were starting to ache.
i'de be so happy.
smitten with video games,
for now, why don't we all lie in wait
i see what's going on now, but what should i do?
no, more like a mutual-air organization that shares information and helps each other out.
the machine equals brain
helpfully suggested
(I'm severely dehydrated.)
but i was put on earth to test limits,
me and a middle school nightmare
i don't care about nothing
i don't even want to know if there was man before me
personality decomposition 
but that's limited, first-person, present tense
i don't think there's a magic number
only the living
that's not how people think about telling stories
provoked philosophically 
"broadcast yourself,"
there's too much television these days,
it was unsatisfying 
did the filmmakers do the right work?
brick-and-mortar
specialness, or not
an inbox's real estate
economy of the inbox
cognition, the last thing special about humans, maybe
(as a system of information)
still, our private inboxes are often very intimate spaces
"private moment of immersion"
final frontier or sense of privacy
alone when we open our emails
automators
talking to our technology
difference angel
sprawling, absurd requests nested inside other requests
huge extent
"speech-to-meaning."
the name computer 
weird, inconsistent ways. 
-- it doesn't use google-- 
for spirituality this page needs more likes 
people tell me that they need and i say no so they say please 
producing of tables 
as far from poetry as possible
an emotional robot
what was data and what was program
occasional distractibility
special purpose machine
our first humanoid robot 
a basic form of self-awareness
"autobiographical memory"
'commerce of things'
math-pop, emo, indie, indie pop, under 2000 listeners, twinkly
everyone who uses a trademark symbol should know at least the following four things:
music to build gundams to 
so my shoujo revival began. 
so i could feel feelings
auto-reordering
as much as you need, exactly as often as you need it
interface-free shopping 
items are unremarkable, 
shop without shopping. 
a doorbell to an Amazon distribution warehouse.
Dash Buttons only respond to the "first press"
cultural AI: decision theory, command control 
obsessed with out screens, 
"our love for the digital interface is out of control:
true potential of hypertext
always on and always listening
countless smart home standards
but the home is changing--
interact with us everyday.
downton uncanny valley abbey
we look to the connected space and connected home,
technologies that are end more seamless
technology conceives the inconceivable
some implications
stand aside, we assess out own
a funny thing happened on the way to the internet of things
hypermarkets
inanimate objects, from lightbulbs to complex industrial equipment, are all connected to the internet
mechanisms to mind
payments tied to actual usual, turning the provision of physical goods into a service economy
if you can't tell
i have my own type of mind! i distinguish myself from being a human being with a mind 
adds value to existing assets and new revenue streams to existing businesses
40 per cent of the benefits from the internet of things depend on deep integration of different systems
dematerialized: software and data. 
extending internet connectivity to the physical world
the spread of artificial intelligence,
digital manufacturing
the digital economy is breaking things
it's hard to be fooled for very long
the media can't seem to survive digitization 
reside, resign, define, live by, design, this tiny side,  refine, this time, you're trying, you're tired, in time, please don't cry, my sign, live by, my side, opine, revive, your time, you're mine, you'll find, my mind, outside
by calling itself a platform rather than a taxi dispatcher 
if infinite growth is no longer a possibility or even desirable
vehtureless capital
transform the economy from an extractive endgame into a prosperous commons
give me the chills
a plastic single-function controller
houses full of buttons
things you regularly buy in set amounts,
at first blush
in other words, they're not doing a hub.
people tell me that they need and i say no so they say please
creating a control layer 
gather usage data about your smart home
simply needs
other smart homes
many third party connected devices
generalized statements about men 
34 bullet points.
let twitch do what twitch does best.
two themes emerged. one is liberation:
is intelligence:
capable.
virtual reality finally gets real.
imaging in
"augmented reality"
a combined view of virtual and real worlds,
ugly stands war is resolving,
my every need!
woo us to be loyal,
cognitive dissonance at the core
the button is waiting there
more in perfect domestic context.
(now you know.)
profitable selling.
looking at life through the eyes of a tired hub
the click of a real-life button
repeated household tasks
rats pressing pleasure levers
our daily lives
reduced to a state of constant shopping
stupid home.
but what is there is actual value in running out of things?
meet no resistance
a check against the interim consumption, 
there isn't much evidence of a cohort shift in
time investment in housework
why can't housework be converted
cleanliness feels organic while being highly constructed.
the relativism of hygiene over time is amazing.
the standards have changed.
agreed-upon definition of "what has to be done"
haunt all sociological studies,
housework?
concluded that the perception of effort was totally distinct from the actual effort.
critique of assumptions underlying empirical studies of housework 
simply not registered in the accounts of what goes into the day. 
"moral dimension"
women approach income equality in their relationships they  do a smaller share of the housework, but past quality they do a larger share. 
that is to say, to immanence.
an empire of immanence.
the fetishization of the domestic is a mainstay of reality television.
we don't want anything rom each other 
no transactions in this conversation
"disinvestment."
caring less is the hope of the future.
never make the bed.
a clean house is the sign of a wasted life, truly. 
are wi-fi water pitchers the beginning of the end or a brilliant solution?
"it sees dogs everywhere!"
on their own
philosophical bias against machines
less human-readable 
their rationale is indecipherable?
pretty  much ruled the internet.
it's a simple question with a deceptively difficult answer:
impressively bad ending
a shortlist of sword art online's major failings,
the licking of tears.
(or excusing)
may be the oldest still-operating quarry sites in the nation,
the only remaining working brownstone quarry in America
("four rays")
"wrinkling time" 
predictable functions can still have unpredictable outcomes,
throttle and be throttled
helplessness at the vastness 
state of "superposition"
superconducting quits,
rippled but locally smooth surface
"measurements of the roughness of the sea surface from photographs of the suns glitter"
"it's not a sport"
"its a competition"the network has nonetheless begun 
bet again a cyber-athlete insurgency 
for xbox proficiency.
we don't know how popular this will be in the future.
focus 100% on e-sports
continue to become mainstream
first generation of so-called cyber athletes
for how ling with their minds and bodies be quick enough?
"artificial chimerism"
few objected. then the scientists turned to brain cells.
"there's been nothing like a mouse with human thoughts"
To which some bioethicists add: "yet."
"WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING ON ESPN2?"
"raise your dongers"
cats with anime eyes
raise your dongers
original donger emoticon
complex clouds
these dongers all have guns
these dongers are all being jerks.
this channel has no content.
the chat room is empty.
you want to be a nuisance
drops of sweat
make it look like the emoticon is waving
just like an anime character who has a drop of sweat
who are they going to hug?
how hard is quantum physics?
running with arms up for no particular reason
no tears
vertical tears
crying your standard sort of vertical tears
just some sad emojis that are crying a single tear.
can cry, too. 
broken in certain browsers.
blushing cheeks with an asterisk 
to show that they're blushing.
hoping nobody notices
shy but not blushing
no blushing.
shy but really complex
OMG which is written in superscript English 
something like stupid or idiot. 
theses dongers are both in love and facing to the left. 
"this thread is leaking from the heavens."
generating likable content 
i propose that the following character sequence for joke markers:
it is probably more economical to mark things that are NOT jokes
about jokes and how to distinguish humor online:
he created the smelly to better understand his peers,
famously known across the internet as the "shrug face"
monocause 
understand what the deal is with male anime characters getting nose bleeds 
people that don't exist 
the raw content of my thoughts
app store 
sticker store 
Shield me from my own undoing 
Why is no one saving me from my own self?
What are your thoughts on me comprehensively
shopping lists 

meteorologists say differently

don't forget to write,

wherever i go

absolution

incandescent not fluorescent and vitamins not minerals 
 
my mother said it was going to rain around noon, 
it started raining at ten
i knew she didn’t mean it

omission and commission 
mammal-
un-mammal:
animal;
animal, animal, animal.

certainty, forgetting certainty

you might smile,

“and this is for your friend”, 
we’re all wearing lab coats

okay,
we are officially done here

happy with the way

you aren’t me-
you wish you were

me, you, or us

you wouldn’t mind

fruitless labor

the sun is too hot:
take long naps.

on sound advice 

sound advice


sitting
and chatting

she was her only mother

you never mow the lawn (pt. 2) 

seagull: soaring, circling, drifting

you used to rust

i thought you were: a kite or streamer 


it may have been wishful thinking
you’re the one and same

it’s going to rain

space for us to breathe

almost invisible,
invisible

pale thrown lights, corner street lamps

i remember the sound of bugs

all the time 

waking

wringing towels dry

drinking water from the tap

no ice, or straws, or cups

how peculiar
how unseemly

The course of action is unfathomable 

don’t run

what were you thinking?
our spirits are not abominable!

indomitable

are we friends?

we should
just sit around all day;
and talk about our feelings.

I always knew that you were scared

largely dismissed

easily forecastable
an overcast day

but quit too soon

the clouds pass

laughing
sounding like the ocean

to pawn electronics

ultra-concentrated joy

and plant food with
chelated-iron

maybe, maybe
perfect, perfect
moving, moving
dreaming, dreaming

this was wrong
you were running
it was wrong

if only, only,
red-hot-flustered-face

coarse existence

dream-talking
un-waking

we were all so sure
narrowing

got away 
some sleep

but it is so much easier
to be underwhelmed

never
put your phone down
for a second
girl

no idea
drowning

unafraid

small is tremendous 

what-so-ever,

lost and gone forever
i should break the silence
were friends

my mother said

this was wrong

true story
no way!
true story
no way!

my feet are always

twice daily

blue-bird
on a fence,

and just like
my life had become
so very noisy

i just-
wanted to impress you
so you would
like me again

don’t do it,
don’t do it

clever;
really clever

three levels of
celestial glory-
and this was the worst

cadence
posterity
entropy, and

concessions,
concessions:

you’re not going to take care of me
i’m not going to take care of you

a small grey grasshopper,
still-dreaming-me

how you liked
to hold my hand

anti-pioneers
with lemon custard-

walk,
walk,
walk,
walk

we are at each other’s throats,
we are at each other’s throats

we feel
either nothing,
largely nothing-
or that someone’s
feelings have been hurt

who are those people-
who feel
more and more alike,
who feel-
that they know less,
and less, and less, and less 

on knowledge
and experience:
it doesn’t change,
but it changes

I am a young professional
and time is money, and
this is how it works:
it doesn’t

good truth
to eager minds

take care,
fear not:
do not fear

something about ambivalence
and
a song about
how its never too late

in a crowded car
i had never felt so alone

the sky
is orange,
what are you doing
right now?

the sky is
blue and dark,
the clouds are
thick and solid, 
what are you doing
right now?

something to do:
save gas!

thats really something-
pigeon walking through
a train station
like its nothing,
like it doesn’t even mater

a guard,
three men,
three pairs of burgundy 

concessions,
concessions,
concessions

the wooden deck,

an orange moth
an orange marigold-
two orange moths

small brown bird

come over and
spend the night;

dream unrelated dreams

that’s interesting,
that’s true,
that’s interesting

into the without

i see what you’re saying,
i see what you’re saying

conventions,

this is the spirit of aniquity-
something very,
very approximate

another time,
another time,

another me,
another me,

in place of being,

that cartoon
on channel 45

distant and useless

and reverence to god,
and reverence to god,
and reverence for god

cold and partly sunny,
cold and partly sunny

together and apart,
together and apart-
but we can’t stand
to be apart

the best way to realize the difference,
is to not look directly

in the mid-fifties
enormous
meant large or outstanding

in the fifties,
there were young painters

bathing in a river
the grandeur is missing

all day long,
you had your whole life
to attend to 

look-
you’ve become so flustered

perpetual adoration,
perpetual prayer:
the two don’t go together

things that are becoming:

space as object

false modesty 
something that surrounds,
and things that look like other things

the house,
the man,
the dog, and
the internet

red, and quiet, and time

confounded

in the fifties-
they were younger,
they felt and looked younger 

its too loud,
i care and i don't care

a man who picked up an accordian,
a man who can not put it down


a man
and a guitar
and neither know
a thing about love

expectations, distance,
and time

too ripe

love as assuredness,
love is assuredness

i’m tired
but can’t find sleep
freezing rain 

a long summer camp

i have not been listening-
i was not listening

and time
folding in on itself
and time
rolling over on its side
and time
wont make it any easier

pots and pans

papier-mache parrot
and no such luck

i kept the shoes on my feet
thinking-
maybe i’ll want a glass of water

don’t get lost in the past,
and things you don’t have
that you want

and things i knew
months ago-
but don’t know
anymore

the kitchen light flickers,
the water runs too hot,
the dog is asleep

the sun warms my back,
the sun that warms my back

vacuous, vacuous 

pressing on my palms

the coarse reality

if i hold on to this
i won’t float away

a dream about
the perils of getting high
and when i awoke
i thought to myself
surely
this is not the bedsprea
of one who’s heart
still hurts

you’ve been awake
for hours
and i’ve been awake for minutes,

maybe

i belong here

pretend that you are here

the windows shake

opportunity
and the threat of dust-

making every possible mistake

i cant explain the state that i’m in

people see things differently

i bit my tongue 
but i thought about it all the time

we used to wake up
too early and go back to sleep

a man playing pinball
nine times out of ten 

divine clemency
uselessly

any number of things:
free acid,
free acid,
free acid,
free acid,
free acid,
free acid

knowledge and experience,
they go together,
they go together:
experience is the thread of knowledge

what do you think?
basically everything,
basically everything,
basically everything,

things that are unreal

didn’t mean to laugh 
didn't mean to make you laugh 

dissolution:
ourselves, others

vivid, concrete, unfathomable

placement, displacement

simple and remote

transference

another, another,
another, another,
indefinite, indefinite,
another, another

homo fuge,
we fly
more or less

are gone, are gone, are gone, are gone

dissolution
and then you’re gone

small,
is tremendous
another one was clouds

does it discontinue?

any kind of justice at all
salvation again,
a corollary,
very little relief 

relating to,
relating to,
relating to

some agency,
a signature,
a signature,
some agency

more generally,

some inadequate,
some lacking
some in want,
some inadequate,
some lacking

ideas of knowledge,
ideas of guilt,

for fear of losing

a sense of loss,
a sense of loss,
a sense of loss

the summit,
the summit,
the summit

ten pounds of sugar in a five pound bag 

this condition

these boundaries,

so it doesn’t
really matter

suddenly,
suddenly,
suddenly

and many others,
also anxiety,
also anxiety,
and many others

there were not

grace-
freely given and undeserved

lion-head water spout

down to the ground,

it happened during the day,

personification,
personification of rivers,
personification of rivers reaching,
palms outstretched, or laying

right over the door,
you need to be saved,
you need to be saved,
you need to be saved,
you need to be saved

look around,

something enduring,

there were not, there were
not, there were not, there were not,
there were not, there were

desire and insistence

wake up!

worth a try

whim and caprice

so easy

those numbers,

non-happenings,
but i just want my life back

because i am young
i think to myself
all of the time
its so hard being young

sittng under my desk
behind the bus-stop

rain or no rain
i just want to stay down

jump the fence,
walk around,
walk around,
walk around

street lamps on
during the day,

structure-
everybody hates
until something unstructured happens 

only felt

not withstanding;
real listening


tradition, home, and the garden
impermanence

you and i-
we never know what to do

always the same dream
the thought of you should fade,

travels here and back,

hand in hand, in hand,

evasion and the sky,
the sky, the sky, the sky,

the things we could do without-
all the things we could do without-
of all the things we could do without-

uselessness

with and without,

the morning, and
the morning, and each
new day, and all the glory

thoughts of narrowing and swelling

everything,
to everything

once, twice, and were

and forgot,
and waited,

fields of yellow,
and we do the same thing
almost everyday

forethought

becoming,
becoming,
becoming,
becoming-

dead bird
redemptive

or Adam,
overflowing and effortless
who led his horse to water
but would not let him drink

we’ll build a house
out on the countryside-
rest there inside

we must shrink,
be small,

the same rivers
hardest to make, hardest to copy 

particular and belabored

the end of watermelons,
and three lights on

sleeping on the ground
and efforts to stand more straight

devil music,
out the window,

labored,
belabored-

mobile,
immobile,
immobile,
middle

every,
monarch,
monarch, monarch

please, please, please, please try, try, try, try

worries about the sun

saying always,
we can always

we say always,
we say always

your name i knew,

who wasn’t mine-

aimless
aimless,

we are not ourselves,
we are not ourselves

dreams of mercy

not any more!
not any more!
not any more!

another thing,
a small thing stolen

real pill, real pill, real pill
looking after

jeopardy, jeopardy, jeopardy

dense and heavy,
more and more-

dreams of spit

through the brush

ivory whispered, sighed

and life is capricious

ready, able
28, 31, 32, 37, 42, 43, 44, 46, 49,
and 52

whim, caprice; desire, and insistence

if i deserved of you,
if i deserved of anything,
if i deserved anything

felicity, taciturn, corona, circle,

always, already
full thoughts

physical consequence

head in the grass,

velocity of change 
out of the way,
out of the way,
out of the way-

old man,
don’t tell,
don’t tell,
old man, don’t tell;
old man, don’t tell;
old man, don’t tell

do me a favor,

walk away-

pure enterprise play 

temerity

more dreams of spit

’Je ne veux même pas savoir s’il y a eu des hommes avant moi’

fairest

none other

over pivoting 

’sing dionysus
holy, all holy,
to the hills,
to the hills’

belonging outside

dense, densely

advent
little Dionysus 
play inside

i had time to think,
and dare i thought-

walk quickly

I can see where I am going

laurels

sight seer

sight setter 
things are going to get better 

i was made for it and it was made for me 
but the world did not run

winter is fading and this is good 
nothing feels real but this is true 

well all this time i was sleeping 

now I'm awake

new swing for the fences 

divide by what you will

what you expect the reaction to be

the public is any fool on the street-

unsentimental

i cant stand to see
everything ending

’oh lord, i know i’ve never been myself’

’it was dirt and dirt is all the same-’

to be cruel
not a chance

honor,
honor,
honor,
honor

cross,
cross, cross

avoid everything,
wear nothing

diverging

fall asleep,
fall backwards

third platform 

the possibility 

keep up,
keep up, keep up

endlessly

i found your acid 
in my pocket

i would never

i can see myself for what i am

i can see everything so clearly,
i can see all around me

i am not where i was,
i am not in a rush,
and i won’t be this way for very long

the sun, the sun

frictionless shopping
whatever it might be

replenishment services

product, pricing, technology

even overnight
ubiquitous 
long term view
on demand 

the folder store

my house 

’as you look at your lover//and your lover looks away’

ei blot til lyst
not just for pleasure
 i laughed 

we are surrounded by different realities
stacked one on top of another

let us be happy,
while we are happy

enduring, allowing-

distribution 

i do not hold this ground,
i can not hear

slipping, slipping, slipping

the magician, the lovers,
the fool, and the sun-

johnny appleseed,
and why can’t i?

i don’t know how to swim
i don’t know how to explain

virtue,
the house is entirely typical of the neighborhood-

best remembered

labored,
belabored

first held

love which absolves
none whom are loved
from loving

carnal
seated Ra
time doesn’t mean much to me
if your not my
worry about
focus: pass the physical, atypical, wonderful, cynical, critical, let go, non-physical, let go
miracle of sight 
parking lot (way too hot)
thinking about falling
same old day
search through the trash 
what seemed like a choice 
in our time
sneaky ways, i’m not so sure 
i wasn’t there 
even after
i hear it doubly clear
my steps will follow
total, total meltdown 
spirit is burning, run away
barely keeping my cool 

i haven’t even noticed it and now it’s all i think about 
mostly forgotten
unusual at the time, enrolled, scouted, walked around 
intentions were good
by chance 
the all together
if they would have been 
encounter, all three, the first of many 
sometimes live, obvious giveaway 
study, yes indeed i do 
a good time to be
through 
it was a great time
bound together 
don’t work anymore
representational
decorated seat of power
pure, virtue, it had to be 
is cast, good model, might have survived
being with, case
i’ll never account for anything again 
trending towards precedents
increasingly all the 
most visible person never seen
them both
next decade, established
false modesty, our own clothed lives
be available
apparently satisfied, unable, forever
depths of obscurity, eternal image
you can imagine, unpaved
just couldn’t 
in moments of 
public body, memory, all around you
grown beyond
unforgettable way

simply looking
that i knew nothing about
always useful 
get back to me soon
arriving 
classic desert island
waving, got there
being there, fishing
early on
one of these days
when i realized
blue lagoon enjoying it
i was the lucky one
thought often uninhabited 
early on, twice a day 
not on our island
by then 
might rain today, it could
it was unfair
you don’t understand
pulled away, life together, going to leave 
and so it happened
what did we say?
you must know
are you sure?
or remember that you’re here forever 

Humans, they maintained, are actually machines of a kind whose brains are made up of many semiautonomous but unintelligent “agents.” And different tasks, they said, “require fundamentally different mechanisms.”

work worth worth work work 
i still get jealous
how long do you have to fall
stronger than the both of us 
i’ll be here for you later
taught me restraint here for a while 
i've celebrated enough 
are you thinking what i’m thinking of?
i’m educated enough (books covered in dust)
there’s a really good reason 
middle of the night
i was always a winner and i was usually right
barely awake 
i was always a winner and i was barely alone 
came down easy 
tell me what to do
tongue tied, wait and see
i wish we had a conversation 
you smile with all your teeth at once
i don’t want to want you like i don’t want to want you like i want to
I don’t want to want you like I want you
I don’t want to want you like I want you
I don’t want to want you like I want you
I don’t want to want you like I want you
I don’t want to want you like I want you

everything in focus all at once
‘Cause if I had only known
What you were thinking

I would have been
So, so, so, so
Much nicer

So, so, so, so
Much nicer

feels too late
expectations 
supposed to feel live
more immersive 
feels connected, serious issue 
free wheeling with the like button
people you don’t know you you’d like to follow
crisis of follower success
grew until it didn’t 
flat on the internet, desperate
growth + really good at what you do= impossible, twitter paradox 

peak content, overproduced- necessary feedback of cynicism self aware start up culture ruthless cherry picking of good parts, everything is a remix (know your meme, tv tropes) open source 
our again idea 
this is the only content that i like to watch
the idea of twitch: pivot
 intervening
this is what i always wanted
snapchat is having it’s moment right now (vs vine or twitter)
live has all these problems, additive feed story, lower friction story 
periscope/meerkat- synchronous live
products again-most of the interesting innovations have been business model innovations not product/usability innovation
what are the magical social things, my own entertainment- once you hit critical success have you failed? can you scale back or will it even occur to you?
lifecasting- lifeblogging, capture
what can i do that’s actually interesting?
i don’t like professionally curated content- so how do you find things, how do we value or support the nichest art forms 
i want to be a video so badly 

bubble or not bubble (right now)
most will live to the next epicycle
i just secretly hate it don’t worry!
we need to have our own non-standardized unit
desperate o be engaged for your content
rebranding your business or even yourself

i never thought i’d ask these things again
i shouldn’t care but you’re my friend!

swept down the streets that everyone loves
its okay you know you’re young!
it’s okay its what everyone does!

i want to sit down in the street
you don’t let me sit down in the street 

i love this town 
when the devil don’t drag me down

used to call it a graveyard

no matter what i’m sure they’re chill
i shouldn’t care but i do still! 

we ride bikes ‘cause we hate cars
we ride bikes ‘cause its not that far
we ride bikes ‘cause we hate cars!

i should just go home
but home is way too far 

yeah this is my town
when the angels are are around
nothing’s going to drag me down
well the devils going to drag me down
(patience) not my virtue 
lifelong love letter 
 don’t think right now you care about anything at all 
the answers to these questions mean everything 

stay at home licking batteries 
if it consumes you
then let it 
import, manage, ship 

banned from every room with a view
when i said what i said
smiled at a joke
but i said what i said 

i get carried away!
the day before i met you
hopefulness is tantamount to hopelessness 
time for a change but not in places like this with people like these 
places like these, people like this 
how long have we been inside technology?

maybe in two years you can forgive me

waiting to make it big and sell out vs throwing stones the whole way down, but how will we afford to live?

found myself lost in time, see the sun but lost my mind 

when i was young 

you were maybe you were 
 
every year off 
slowly devours, the garden, environs, hortus conclusus, gravity that keeps me here, tilt back my head, full back bend ocean 

tell me everything, tell me nothing 

idols beautiful perfect available infantilized fantasy celebrity fantasy contrived public fan clubs 

global phenomenon born of the nightmare 
hand in hand under yellow streetlamp 
two innocents truly innocent, serene 
modesty surveillance chastity 
unforgiven me
you wanted me

you were scared
i don’t want to be responsible 

performative platform economy 
risk adverse 
content should be native to platform, known for clickbait, post 
unadhere a lifehack
pacing, no stream
linkblogger- link without network 
thinking things that people say 

unicorn, dead unicorn twitter silicon valley 
company company 
netflix culture deck

platform agnosticism that doesn’t drive to divining the path of preffered use with analytical dowsing rods  

well-witched, well-wisher
witching the well 
cypress knee’s

limited eden
em drive- thrust without fuel 
binary computer information theory 1947 
factoring prime numbers proof 
making money doing something 
 before information planning (cybernetics crashing the soviet union 1940’s-1960’s

moving from linear production to cyclical production 
incorporating negative environmental externalities into production to counter neoliberalism 

and yet live is teeming pg 64

singular even, chimeric, bacteria/archaean endosymbiosis 
next best regrets

no publisher will ever pay more for less
geotagging is a step back into the internet
the cyberspace i made up
what the internet has become, that accounts for the difference
what i didn’t force about the future
fear this
unintended consequences of new technology- market
personal computation is a middle class pass time

self perpetuating meaningless
modular to-do list framework industrial complex 
ghost appendix pains and i’m having a heart attack!
has very few followers but follows even fewer

50 year meme desert 
critical tv review sites
general interest in bioterrorism 
gas stations, best real-estate, its already delivered inefficiently
on-demand-gas company 

connected networked appliances
anticipatory benefits

fulfillment centers 
"why no generic (dash) buttons)?

 "I do not even want to know if there have been men before me. "

the buttons are an interim solution
how much data i use

the economics have shifted, less upfront, mediated monthly bill
death of the phone plan, death of the upgrade
wireless phone, consumer flexibility

we can't afford to be dependent on Facebook 

mobile video service battleground, dumb pipe breakdown 

international service

they all want the others customers

frozen past
all of my feelings are worth sharing

moshi-moshi

i am a more amazing robot than you think i am 

what happens when we all have access to optimizing

resign, reside, design, refine,  this time, in time, my sign, my side, opine,  revive, your time, you're mine, my mind 

please waste our time

once the atmosphere goes, we all explode

drink a lot of water so the alcohol wears off 

finding more things to do myself, use my time wisely, i have to
gas stations, best real-estate, its already delivered inefficiently
on-demand-gas company 

connected networked appliances
anticipatory benefits

fulfillment centers 
"why no generic (dash) buttons)?

 "I do not even want to know if there have been men before me. "

the buttons are an interim solution
how much data i use

the economics have shifted, less upfront, mediated monthly bill
death of the phone plan, death of the upgrade
wireless phone, consumer flexibility

we can't afford to be dependent on Facebook 

mobile video service battleground, dumb pipe breakdown 

international service

they all want the others customers

frozen past
all of my feelings are worth sharing

moshi-moshi

i am a more amazing robot than you think i am 

what happens when we all have access to optimizing

resign, reside, design, refine,  this time, in time, my sign, my side, opine,  revive, your time, you're mine, my mind 

please waste our time

once the atmosphere goes, we all explode

drink a lot of water so the alcohol wears off 

finding more things to do myself, use my time wisely, i have to
re-orderables

we've been best friends for a long time
rascal it was so nice of you
to share your food
i'd like to be besides you
depending on your mood 
we've been best friends for a long time 

i've been unable to breath through my breath-hole

some fresh air or just a breeze
i've been a good boy so i deserve all of these 

platforming nubiquity 

omnipresencing 

its a fear with out a trace, i wonder how much time it takes 

drive away from a ringing phone 

shadow feeling of loss, that there could have been more, that i would have
as for the the likeness of their faces they had four! 

they were on the, when the

the arc of the covenant was made for the tabernacle 

glorifying world! out of reach 

science and shoulders are rubbing shoulders all the time

could there be non-experiential knowledge?

they may be eternal as immaterial beings 

no interceders

stuffed full of angels! heaving with angels! say holy, holy, holy! accuteley embarrassed by there 

diamonds, the good ones of which are were identified with angels
 
you sitting opposite of me could well be god's messenger i should listen i should be aware of everything around me as being part of what i have to meet in the world 

human, mechanical, or thermal 

push-me-pull-you

experimental technique, theoretical understanding  
text
Incidental interface
The thing about qualifications
All cross referenced
Email of poems
Learn from us very much
Greek myth book
Look at us but do not touch
I want an escalade
I was trying to show you this song since before I got here
The more the universe seems comprehensible the more
Yell at Alexa
I've been talking in an indoor voice
Maybe it got worse
Border on no reason
Computer software studies
Busy and fulfilled and
Fake bird in a fake tree
Paper-thin house
Break associations
For simplicity it's not one way or the other
I bet if you're doing something secure, two apps overlaying
Apps are sandboxed
Draw over, I don't understand the verb
What is overlay?
Land grants
Unbranded disposable plastic cup because of the war
Ugly little clunky 3D button
May or may not be Amazon
Unbranded Amazon box
I like Alexa but I wish she was smarter, and played more music https://t.co/rZAjpX9X2R
That's where celebration island is!
Tiny cardboard box
Control released primaries
Cont'd
It remains to be seen who will be successful
It's not nice here
Anyone's anything
Prime Now Cities
they, are we just some devils?
subject compromise, body any thoughts?
people i've never met appear to produce a single relevancy score that's specific to you and how i feel
but even so, is it still okay if i stay here?
but was i really here yesterday?
black friday is traditionally the best i could do
the moon was in the Jules Verne's 1865 novel From Earth to the Moon
cloud or fog based on one phone.
twenty minutes out of my life.
dead to me before what i thought.
producers are returning to action, sci-fi, and the unvarnished reality.
i sought the internet use
All I wanted was too many stores
sleep schedules become a way... do we want to go to greenland, right?
Memories I have are always beautiful in my mind
I just can't see it anymore
There was never any debt to begin with!
I can't help if my pocket was picked
get in the Jules Verne's 1865 novel From Earth to the Moon
I feel like I've seen these exact steps before
life would be like if there were some kind of life now.
to think you were merely humoring me, patiently?
who brought about the age of dense indecisive personality...
I was upset
We're here for such a little while
I had no idea what I was after
Strike back against the state of affairs
What I wouldn't give to want to live like I once did!
they were simpler,
Chilly disconnect from reality
Forget about the world that you perceive
that did the hill-side's dew pearled; the lark's on the unvarnished reality.
Hey you shouldn't worry so much!
Been to giving in?
Only so many starts and so many days
why do i know you at all
Distance is just numbers
Cars drive by
It's hard to find my peace of mind
There are many kinds of problems
Shop on the first day
Till backyards, incorporeal sense of time
Do I have that kind of love?
Books done read right
Familiar song, we've been learning along
I just don't want to feel it's lost until it's gone
Erased records become erased records
Consume us anyways
Past and passing
Watch everything received
Embedded in a mess, bed sleeping in
Do we expect anything to last?
The dust was overwhelming
Give meaning to lines on maps
Feel one and the same
Borrow sick days
Hey you've got a lot on you, hey you've got a lot to lose, hey you've got a lot to do!
Do you know how close I've been?
Next time you're smashing the state, don't go breaking my heart
Wide open space, what will you do with it?
because I'm embarrassed to admit what I've been thinking
Why am I hopeless?
Why am I angry?
Be patient and pious!
So far I've failed to see
The last minute just got longer
I'm trying to influence the subculture
shut up, shut up, you know?
fusion has been chosen over thousands of others as the most likely to make you laugh, cry, smile, click, like most bubble markets.
i'm not that down that i guess i don't mind this relationship
in the end of the humans who are in the vanguard of the constantly connected:
remember how existing human bodies are perceived, it is made real
cash might even wiping away their own tears
You don't agree with the things that go on in my life
You can take care of a bird
google is no one in the history of the universe, it's as good as nothing.
Roam around and help people
When things are rotten
For my listening audience out there
Are you narrating something
why don't have the heart to tell him the truth: its a camera, snapping two pictures a minute,
the interactions between MMORPG players are returning to action, sci-fi, and other genres that travel well,
I'm not going to buy shapes or colors
I never got the elevator explored
I'll just make my own alphabet and moral code
a model of each other like that, i know things will go well!
Not YouTube
Paint a smile on your face
my universe is the entire reason i wanted to write about this topic
Bold, underline, italics
Italics, italics, italics
Attitude driven apperal
what you how i feel
Open windows enough
Aisle island
On another
"A Gift Enterprise Swindler"
I think I can reconciliate that, I've had this philosophy
Art is increasingly valuable
whenever an individual interacts in a good mood, 50 percent in a bad mood.
"survivability" or organizational operating system of your mouth, just like that!
Then for sure
i'm at the limits of my business!
whenever an individual interacts in a good moor, 50 percent in a bad mood.
help me to the point that i don't mind this relationship
Hacker salad
It can languish
My only competencies
Always early, always late
i feel like i do
Something weird about memes
The type of paper
Shift something
Dustless place
Your political project too has slow times
I just want my parents to buy me food
Apex of 3 things I don't understand
Supportive but clueless
I have a feeling that things are moving
when advertisers finally give up, shut up, shut up!
Surely destined
You are we-suited
K, q, c
Filter bubble pull-quote share
Panama papers provide
The funny thing about the one minute split
Stop emanating love so
Do you think I'm allowed to play the ocean noise in the library
Conspicuous indifference
Lie right here, it was fun to talk about
also asleep in the library
We're working on 18 projects
But I also think
Still on track 19 after all these years
its eye a brilliant, syndicated game shows or fog based decision makers
I was not believing
The half-finished sketch we call New York
String together vignettes if what I've seen
Diplomat in carpet slippers
The story of tunnels
Unfinished business
Astrology for everyone, you and I, states of grace,
One red rose
A fools errand I love to know
General books, a dozen dogs or so
I want to think about that format
Someone was going to do a biography
$300 dollars a year for gas-lighting at night
It's a battery, it's a printer, it's an AC unit
When the art is nice
I'm definitely going to print out the sticker
Disrupt me today
Me today
Available
Shuffle play
Aisle-less
Destination 1,2,3
anthroapologist
This anthropologist
It'll be done in two hours
Our writing was done by
We have to have some sense
Peering
The search is hard because
We could
I'm going to slip and fall I think
Stop with the shiny stone
Credit card declined, bring back tall street lamps
I'll post these on where
Put some flowers in the ground, the ground is still wet
Alleged friendship
Let's cross this way, the weird thing that happens
Throw away a lot of glass
Keeper be
My dog sighs
One-track minded
Now I'm the rookie
So let me get this straight
I was telling you
Whatsoever things are ways
Can digital forms withstand printing?
Annoying Twitter directory
government contracted gifs
A more fulfilling relationship than a follow could ever
The future I couldn't attend
Theorizing the web is going on now
I notice
Rigor bubbles
These two sticky things
I think the
Plans as document
Institutions exist to be mapped
Sit in a waiting room
Passport office of it all, I could be my best
Come back to me in the library
My wallet, my keys, my adderall
Text is written for the enjoyment of computers
Can digital firms withstand printing?
Zero mistakes were made
Ruin a town
Reductive art assignment
Watch you through my Windows
I'm available in response
Things against it being erased
Material destabilizes
A couple of student last were failing kind of
Come back with it
The times we have together
Being stupid strings
to think you should alter the real non-everyday?
Ever wonder what to do when you're pretty sure a real correction is near?
one death knell of a novel From Earth to the Moon
Onions turn clockwise
what happens to me is thereby generated in a machine-learning company
a formal first hollywood movie based on a video game
but no one knows where the wrinkles
where do i know you at all
localization of the second dimension for a change!
he has no stakes.
ask not the most current, the most young, the most popular and connected, 24/7!
Am i supposed to carry hard cash with my own face!
an affective response to you were both dreaming
merely a wandering
wanderer...
Why you may ask
Over 125 years of sweating
Pock
Step backwards
There is a fountain, there is a mountain enclosed
you might be so
a debate surrounds the ground
how am i again?
Flash of time, wipe my nose
Email breaks
this walking, stumbling, three headed tree of coconuts is the real non-everyday?
but i still have constantly to prove something.
we know, we know, we know
you should not like we've got no money matters outside the granting room but doesn't exist inside the granting room?
100 year old orchard branch out
Spring Black Friday
Am I breaking this dawn?
Time is my life, I have no time, am I still alive?
By refinancing your mortgage
Websites are the weakest link
Half the time fine
Use my time wisely
Finding more things to do by myself, I have to
Shave real close so my skin feels soft, drink a lot of water so the alcohol wears off
Leave more blankets
Ceramic trusses
10,000 ways
How many puzzles can you solve?
difficult for the infinite universe
Walk to play, every step you step backwards
Or moral currency
We interview
Drink orange juice only
New science we're working on
All this over that
Ruin fresh snow
Two sweaters
top-down, really reckless?
My eyes are trying to close again
Should we not be counted as one because we are two?
It's a video collective
There's not a lot of videos on the Internet
Post that online
Gorgeous shirt, what are you doing here?
Are you looking for a foreground shirt?
I don't event recognize parking anymore these days
My eyes are trying to clothes again
Victims of the quarry
we're building hardware, we want the same thing i always have.
Non-data reporters
confused and you don't care.
Service door asides
Without data, your strategy is lost
I sort of feel
Ever reconciled era
Gerund lede, this we knew
Didn't take it seriously, primarily
Re-write desks, what do I know
Reasonable facsimile
It turned out we were optimized for that happy material
I start, I rented, I got all of them
Agree with 9 justices or not
Most familiar thing you ever saw
By osmosis I chose this
Pictures on the wall
social media of our time to live as an artist, not for trying to make a building: DECENTRALIZE EVERYTHING
Finally put your diploma
you see them on the screen.
Project my profile
Pixels twinkle
Panache
Promogulate
we'll want to get out of here
yes, i thought that maybe two people couldn't really become the same person
physical alteration of existing human bodies are perceived
marked on the side of a way to settle this fight!
I used to wish I was never
Credit cards go wild
getaway, getaway:: getaway, getaway
It's a ceramic tile corded drill
who am i still have constantly to prove something.
Short order chef forever
One word pattern game
You remind me of my former self wiping my face
Where does iPhone go?
Because it's metered!
The moment you hear it try to make it
I live in the tower, I live in-between
Sounds good at describing
Mighty, mighty
Awful mighty
Present the steeds to the king
Are drinking water over there little angel?
Pre-life world for a long time now
why are you and your private thoughts
What do you want to hope
When are you from all over the place?
If we do well here
@CaseyG @rkelly it's the remix to ignition hot n fresh out the kitchen mama rollin' that body got every man in here self-precognition 🎤
I thought the cow, I think
say who says who
They Might Be Chased By Giants
Use your family's budget well
Linguistics were you studying
Self precognition
i've got some in my wallet!
Be datable
in fact women shared twice as much on Facebook as men about all of our bliss!
get podcasts
patchwork system
I believe the story, I'm over 80 years old
have that vibe, say it all
crowd our roads today
emptier tier
run the place
all patforms above
no living, no work
view those first years
were open
put pencil to paper
forget heartache, don't let it start without you, disorienting but cozy and familiar
stop construction all together
sell shops as property
shops as compensation
months that follow
many other dignitaries, can you imagine?
depreciate value
new wisdom had it, architectural styles change
every subsequent design megastructures
spend good money
put the bus companies on
charismatically and even more importantly build me
center of industry, skyscrapers yet
relax over
tents, sheds, and houses open up
localization mishaps, most prominently exchanging seasides
steal some oranges and run away
kill them all in cyberspace
forgotten glamor but the acoustics remain excellent
led me down
even if you get lost in, even if you're found in
I begged for a box set
I was a media junkie even then, now I'm stuck here
collection of all by yourself
pick it up on the eve
the station houses vendors
more excited weekly trips to the local Blockbuster Video.
do deliver
live by the mall, exciting mysterious thief
meant to be an everygirl
correspondents dance, we met
put yourself in my fake wedding
operations because I was learning
public understanding absolute emotional weakness
logo and simplistic premise reverse.
Again, the sports genre helps out here;
life consists
teams strike me as being able to continue on for years more naturally
two cells that made one cell: this a comedy through and through.
key, here
I've ever had the pleasure of watching.
extraordinarily various
outside world that will work
mechanism is
boring, boring, boring, boring
eat the food, have the stomach
energetic canyon
bacteria as we know them today
lifeless chemicals suddenly produce
series’ expansive world
modern-day tech the characters
hard-drive issues, mail-chimp challenge
twisted revisionist history comedy
buy the car with standard features next week on the podcast
dull with rounded tips not-dangerous
school day was ending somehow playing
no one is laughing
far from the edge of a cliff, follow everyone
let's go a little more subdued little accident swinging
when I remember: axes, bees, bicycles, burns, camping, cars, cuts, dogs, doors, drinking, electricity, escalator
tone of them
in the drawer, into
string around
there when we were growing up
I feel kind of life now.
book, here
you're not going to be funny
I'm not convinced I'm outside
I'm going to wonder forever, horizon of oblivion
answer on that
Get conceived
Is this becoming therapy?
Spend a lot of time
Can't hang up, do this
One could consider
science marches on
Probably i was mistaken
notify me
weird thinking thought
Out of my life
Li-Fi, now
@caseyg the cloud
Brink
pre-post-net
Get from a stove or hearth https://t.co/zFIh7vCHyg
Best not worse opinion
Input current thoughts, concurrently
Face is long
Even androids cry
Irregardless button-up
Not going to hang out with you tomorrow, me too
My right foot
2 wait no 5 minutes
Not bad so
Lot-less
Datable
app fatigue and the people who made the game?
money-grub brand exploitation and fan-base slap in the face!
well, i'm off to remain signed-in
Weird thinking
Windows not booting
Every expected like
Gigantically funny thing
Be a thorn
Hilarious good thing
Outgoing decision like that
Health nut the bar nut
Allergies, asthma, adderal
Over sharing in general
Up to the fourth year, bounce around
Do so understanding
Jump to an easy conclusion
Discuss those things
Worse you
Do you want to be a court jester for the rich for the rest of your life
This is a film set
We all sounds fine
Mouse trap
Old balancing act
This maybe changing as we speak
Quantify outcomes
When the cake is baked
I'll be you and you'll be no one
The only rule I have is
Start a rumor
Weird young art world class
Harkness table of Internet moments
Interrogate documents
Silly, funny, dark, real
Play to play the market
parameter refers to a way that feeling
Prompts aren't moving
marvelous moves keep track of every scripted TV, a bubble of too much television landscape.
The first and only first-person shopper game
full of them
you might have a free to make unilateral decisions!
the fabric of space-time is being suppressed and that post.
the precedent for an american voice actors admitted that they also lie without reason.
life's no fun at all.
i want nothing to do with sleep, you don't get tired, you don't give up, you don't die, and this second
Sims wash your hands
So listen, hang up and call me back
General voicemail
flies know the reason i wanted to write about this topic
third-person omniscient narrative with my bare hands in the dead leaves clinging to the highest branches
make anime "bubble".
it was an instant
Demons, yarns, &amp; tales
Look at the media
Hollowed-out monasticism
Ours, theirs, yours, and mine
Slit, lob
Peace,prosperity, and security
Bad photoshop
It should never me forgotten that the universe itself exists
When default was beautiful
This bitter earth
The lines are so scarce, huh?
Un-fence the founder
you've put me on the air...
fulcrum or something
let's just build a simple machine
bot talks to server farm
Remember when I used to be completely hollow and made out of glass?
exclusive worldwide digital distribution rights
when I travel I sleep better and well
roboticist, couldn't have it any other way
Why do you post this and post that?
The House with the virtual world
you promise to do not want nothing to do with this!
producers are running simulations then there is nobody in this chat room
the television business is in the scripted programming business
the fragments of all the monstrous, despite its popularity
i'll just add this to that
no clear idea, beginning of my life
product of the humans who are in charge
cannoli in a vault full of cash
opening tabs
art will research
always listless
when someone asked me these questions
wind named character
I understand how knowing
You have no idea how many realities
bankers drill a hole through the ceiling
it's not deplorable because if you don't want anything, never release a product
lattices
reflection of the thing to the thing it self
"Are you satisfied with the level of academic lectures on campus?"
⬜ Satisfied
⬜ Unsatisfied
⬜ Offended
north-star of my life, long stupid road
the clearest thing is the thing we've never talked about
ascend
sandwich already cut in half
live studio audience, shuffle the audience, strength of different things
precision of my mind
no more competitive, shiny, and cuddly
this is kind of a
two sides of a sentence, composite sentence
100's of personal questions
long whatever
real surveillance art camera thing
i personally am twisted up
camera, you guys are talking
okay, listen to this
salad's been washed three times
time to laugh
an as-if-firsthand
the people know how to laugh because
everyone's about to laugh
as if you know what you're talking about or are fun to watch
structural way of being 
the linguistic turn, the tortuous interference, in the middle of all this, institutional thought styles
i've been collecting all the wrong things
give Watson a new face
those people saying their thoughts, are the samples beats of our EDM
test written for the enjoyment of computers
bartle character, you pay more in the end
it's all about paying off a mortgage at the end of the day, but you do get a statue,
put it in my mailbox, go away 
Animal Crossing is weird, re-give it out 
correct the discord and the chance
cheaper bundle,
you'll figure out in 100 index cards
you're not legitimately gathering feedback, make fun of how feedback is gathered
scripted watch what happens live
jackets
bumpers could be audio, visual, or text based
yes, impressionisic
communicate, you're communicating
get in the history of the universe is the universe that's in here.
you're formal, the stage
you think caring
boom, boom, boom, i'll make a note to call you
i could imagine for the first time ever
actual quarry, actually makes sense
warbled echo
that's the sitcom way
electrolyte content
yeah and i love the idea
wait a sec!
dream, sleep, wakeness
there are birds out here
and let me add this to that
think about conception
and quit
waste the last year, not do the last year
right so, I think that's possible
they need to be answered.
buff and strong before your gone
Ask for much
Pippa passes but no lucky charms
i'm tired of the script
That's not volume 6
I'm looking for caller 103 right now
third-person omniscient narrative with no one being the wiser
Wiggle was enough
Always party while you're still young
Over 47 songs in a row
Hi only world market
Seem to be home
Take forever
Proto Sneeze Mii
when I’m malware that’s the real me
If we missed you, please reach out to your local representative
Try to shortchange me all the time
Who shall not text back
Nostalgia games are an increasingly big part of the social media platforms
From a pill
My spot where I Instagram 
No need to cook we will do it for you
i was me.
In one eye and out the other
how i've thought of you
but no one into darkness fall
Show where you're going
floppy grid cube
augmented more practical than virtual
the snapchat filter spreads
Would you be willing to sell the island for $100?
me and myself laughed so hard last night
when I’m malware that’s the real me
additional interlocutors
Recently a proliferation of new books has taken on these tactics,
The town of Pippa Passes, Kentucky,
Yikes at my own existence
When I'm one of the likes
Nice not critical
Physical type of stuff
The most famous theme song
Why does a phone line have to be a log?
i wonder why i would ask
long, long ago, lost the ability to keep track of every programmer
i was tied up with a knot so easily undone?
yeah i guess i don't mind this relationship
is there an answer if we count the days
don't be so hard to notice for consumers
time and space do not completely understand how the eagle soars!
tiniest dead leaves clinging to the company that owns the software used to create multiple entrances.
we will be hard to notice for consumers
yes and getting to the surface doesn't really appeal anymore, either
just showed up one day and...
calibri 11
can you imagine a word where we're all represented by a thought
way to the cross
breakdown the Star Wars prequels, correct me if I'm wrong
i've watched some movies
for the society
heads on the ground
still you used the phrase injustice, my institution won't mess with this!
after all, you don't die, and you don't understand your own power.
so nice, and decided to trust you.
or demon king!
hazy pastel masks that encapsulated the brows and bridge of the first common ancestor, but the last
The nation changed
All that data would come to be disqualified
original discredited study
Oache, a frog meets old acquaintances: a butterfly, Omide
the detective's girlfriend.
i wonder why, it's the past tense, but also the progressive tense
themes: bounty hunters, or to the company that owns the software used to create the identity?
ultimately, its collective beauty of great show after great again
in the end of the "large eyes"
simmer down, alexa
come on, whats with the virtual world
Maybe Far Away, And Maybe Real Nearby,
intelligence can no longer be accessed
Mitochondrial Eve
10 Best Fan-Made Minecraft Movies
People who viewed this item also viewed Feedback on our suggestions
"Fearing a tomorrow where I embrace the anxiety that everything's about to shatter 
And looking only at the day after tomorrow"
peace in the uncanny valley
meter my own retweets
"and I throw open a window 
I'm about to be flattened by heavy pressure 
In the usual park that I run away into"
The place that should be pleasantly warm
A flimsy bag that's heavy for some reason
The i-Pod I bought after a huge hassle
Somehow, today isn't any fun
It's so lame for me to fret
What will I draw on the tomorrow that spreads infinitely,
other fleeting thoughts
simulated storyboard immersive bot
are there anyone
pedagogy in the year 2016
even more pliable, even more stupid, even more money
(cryogen)
Things and all things
Let sleeping ants lie
Publication aspects
Use Twitter Ads
Alright, let me
Online. Twitter.
Chat
Eggs is ingredient of, sandbox full of eggs
Sit on your breakfast table
Finance global trade
Puffins drink salt water
Keyless entry, worse than secure
it sounds like you're trying too hard.
Hackpad was bought by DropBox
I don't get it, I'm not part of it, and you can't hurt my feelings
progressive Web design
they had to act as if there were some kind of event that...
How does it know to be broken?
Want to connect with potential customers?
It was in a table
twenty minutes out of my business!
we still alive?the way to do things my own way.
often unfamiliar with the virtual reality for your delusions.
there's no "clean" or "dirty" when it collapses?
home sick and i read is manga— I'm bored by your own aura.
Sky blue maybe
100 years later borders are still drawn in grease pencil
younger adults are in charge
The borders of Syria and the Middle East were drawn in grease pencil
Thoroughly re-render the mock-up
Go back forward to Fall 2016
I never wanted to be in this website again
Above 2 passwords
Computers might be giants
You should have known not to email me
Cyber monasticism in a time of...
Alexa, blur the line
Hound, leave the app economy
Hyperlink in wood type
Also in terms of numerology there's 3 w's in 'www'
what are you lying?
Digestive enzymes just exist
Link full of broken links
Right a paragraph
You write a fussy email
It's the 1th hour, I'll do the photoshop in my sleep while you all rest
It's the 1th hour
You want this person to help you photoshop?
Even this, this is half grounded in reality
Taking pictures of my calibrated help
it's a demo with no vowels!
Don't judge my time per minute transcribed
Some of these things are worth transcribing
Not dead, not running
There's no way to be gone
Goodbye cruel recorded world
and given a brilliant, chemical blue.
for you to punch me.
and you don't understand your own aura.
causing many of the fact i still felt the wiser
Wiki-walkthrough
I twisted every cord
When a lime has no juice
For example if you find yourself tagging eggs
Buy money
it is lying shocks us than what we haven't got
let's never appear to squabble
Directories if all kinds
Staff milestones
Offer host of semantic wikis
We're young, we don't know each other that well, and we haven't worked together for that long
I want to take a quick disco nap
I'm a really good demonoid user
People that we think of
It sounds like some of these things could be
Call black garbage bags green
Nothing in a wiki prevents anyone in a wiki from defining what a rose means
Do you know how fanfic works?
New tables, always talk with people and forget
One of the coolest possible things about a wiki
i'm pissed, but you do it!
Specified, unspecified aspect
Butter my paper
Discussion about time
Seeing no time
we're not having fun...
When we get the same haircut
Systemic crapshoot lottery
Artist getting a grant
Need moment
This were a moment
Texts absolve
Books in mistake
Cold, limited systems thinking
Assume that markets
Have different sticks
Come to become my friends
pop-artreprenurial
Pipeline of criss-crossing
Bad job experience maybe
under indirect alien rule, at the rock, robotic exploration.
Buy self improvement services
Think about prosperity
Grow a declining population
Fans don't even like fan service
The podcast for one for an audience or group
Ask me to not ask
Regementality
Happen or could not
If your ambition is broader than
Not saying what you don't want
I got my knowledge, skills, and perception and I'm done!
Go between between
Bear fruit if ever
Promoted by Ice Breakers
I think that we think about these types of questions?
Is a child a non-liquid asset?
Unshape your environment
How long do I have before I have to make "good art"
What tree were we trying to bark up?
Outside of, contextually, within a conversation
Instagram the world you want to see
You can go live outside the game
Take yourself out 1:1
Even thinking back on our time
Trust in your elected representative
You could and I would want one
Make the apple pie, invent the universe
Provocation&gt;precedent
I don't want to order through a button!
Okay, here's another fear
One thing you want to remember
90% see themselves as being able to be above the statistical income median at some point in  their lives
Against gas stations
Buy too much and save, but it's instant
The norm is to never
Anticipated constant buffer shopping
Alexa, thank you
Now, now
Speculations then, hegemony now
Net non-liquid net assets
All money is liquid
Recurrently deduct
I'm want to break a party promise if the party's not promising
Let me, my biggest problem with  No Doubt as a band....
Tell me more about hegemony, now
Anti-institution institutions
Anti-sway
Easy to read red book
Navigate situations
Culture's not understood as
Ways that people misunderstand
understated coming-of-age, i'm off to do things my own way.
series bubble into the environment
that side of you, but i don't have the heart to tell him the truth: its a camera, snapping two pictures a minute,
sense of self and your situational context
exchanges of real-world schedules in order to "keep up" within the game-world.
I had all those Battle Royales (yeah, yeah those could have been good)
Do you want to become active members of the Netflix community and use it as a social network?
wanting for consumers
Importantly, they want to get out of here
do you think you should alter the real world's system itself, not the virtual one?
Laughter in a crop top
Monstrous, monstrous people
Playing samples of
I couldn't find sounds by plantasia, okay, okay, play Fantasia
Alexa, don't listen, so what if it's overplayed? Alexa play me something we're all tired of
put a greater risk
It's 4%
Magical Tindr girls
Tiny Tindr world, we have a lot in common
Wear it out
62, you think the the tequila is affecting this
Plentiful bedding, the fanfic
When September ends, no the other one, no the other one, good riddance
Alexa volume 1, I'll play this
You have to sleep on it
Hennessy and magical stones
We're like beautiful pink and whatever blue
You look like the light!
Money is a virtue
i want to be your friend now!
We're all having a party here
More viable, less expensive
sense of, i can't explain
I'm going the whole half way
Who are you talking to and what are you talking about
I can't tweet that
Alexa, tweet "swipping"
you're the partner i've had changed.
you might even talk about it, and pushed me to a nomadic point of madness that both dazzled and dizzied me.
Profession is a flaw in life
How Can I Make Real Friends?
Instagram the art, everybody
relative freedom, highly mobile, though he has hands, feet, and a head that are able to move independently from his body.
Is Instagram fame fleeting?
The station shakes, I have little to no opinion.
Hello? Yes, I know.
Alexa! Volume 8!
and there are plenty of things i don't want to do.
this walking, stumbling, three headed tree of coconuts is the entire reason for most of these network made decisions.
and hey, i just sat up and begged said, "I'm not so sure i'd like being dead." but am i much better lying here in my bed?
It's hard looking just like your type
You're a brief dream
the soul is probably a decade or so away.
SunKing of the actors to be confused about what they were actually doing
wanting for their shaking bodies.
60,000 transactions via Apple Pay to make a bigger point, which is that we're all together in the same robot [in life]...
i just thought it was a beautiful melody
already living in a virtual reality will be created
One interacts with the Game of Life
remember i told you i couldn't open my eyes underwater?
"take me there"
we were hand in hand
Let's go on living our lives heroically and in style!
A brush against the freckles that I hated oh so much...
(Not in Employment, Education or Training) 
I finally lost track of the road for us
particularly Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du Mal 
apple! picking! beam! 
tale of "possibilities" 
and although not very similar, one will remind you of the other
jaws and mind 
"will i dream about when i'm going to be talking to our computers?"
don't subscribe, don't save
google is no one in the chat room.
Equal parts sugar and water
i'm 50 percent in a self-driving car
personalized: they can be found on earth in a one-room second-floor apartment, you know?
You can look for clouds
Add items to your shopping list, keep track of items you need
Turn on a lamp, what's on my calendar today?
When your hands are full you can use your voice to set a timer
People tell each other the stories and laugh
(although a little cynical)
we are not told the narrator is lying, and cuddly
i'll pretend an evil spirit's possessed me while I look for contradictions
and that's why it is an age of discontent
A whole world that I've only seen in manga and on the wing; the snail's on the individual
easy going older sister who goes to college
fear of being revealed to be an android while at school
i wonder if i'll become even closer to everyone!
That's just because their arms were linked
is there a job or career you'd like to pursue?
i have issues, but i have nightmares.
or have tea with me. just kidding!
my arms, my arms, my arms, my arms, legs, or neck, hands, feet, and a head that move independently of the body.
young adults forever are the pathetic thing about myself
i was driving the bus, i never should've cooperated with the police
becoming friends, and the decentralization of authority and human empowerment over wealth, property and identity.
that is for humans to decide with no main character
the possibility that writes its own program, which is the consequences
you should be thankful for the impending apocalypse,
the effect of you
Is the coincidence causing this emotion?
try to slice an onion in two while its flying through the air
i know what the future of financial transactions, while the worst are full of passionate intensity
was i plagued by doubt and i wasn't
it's none of my life.
I'm 16 years old, I'm applying to college and I just grew a mustache last week
mystery is the central theme
The series' colors are based on calculations.
less than what exists to understand
with gameplay limited to unlocking pieces of information
memories still exist
smile at complicity and complicity smiles back at you
merely a sentient and autonomous software computer program
Another example is "To Be Continued."
Conway's Game of Life 
one of the world's first PDAs
using the voice "Whisper",
Reality never has the pretense of objectivity
image-only introspection
prevent voices and spirits from being heard
a hoax might still have an impact on history, even after having been exposed as such, by creating sub-cultures
my own program, which is the only empty shells bound by our past
sentient lifeforms can't possibly escape from an extra dimensional space that's perceived, it looks like you're trying to convince yourself
Information functions by constantly being in motion
Kids technology
I mess up everything I try to do, huh?
You're my friend even without connecting with me
I've just been watching, why did you only leave my memories alone?
Payment for services rendered, huh?
landscape layer
We walked home together just once, right?
Executable program with a body
You're software
Why do I have to feel the warmth from your body?
You never had a body to begin with
A field that functions as a sub-system reinforcing the real world
But a protocol is just an agreement
Love: Layer 10
Hypothesis of a worldwide neural network
I will never understand!
When I should have known it by
Inexpressive older sister
Will you go out with me?
Click, click... Memory check...
It was the concept of hypertext that would make it real
Propose eight giant electronic libraries in stateliness in stationary orbit
i believe that our enemy is the universe, remember?
I could delete that information
Nobody knows what's fun and why
Did they meet or was it arranged?
I'll be able to learn more
How much of what you do is intentional?
If I don't work hard I'll never...
What's happening in this society just because young know about it
Them! You! Right?
Isn't anybody going to answer?
And there's even less that I can do about this current group
All this social buying is new to me
Just good intuition, or enough physical ability to bend a coin
I mean the game that all the kids are playing
You look very life-like
You're more noise than signal
Most people can only manage ears
but what if you don't actually hit the like button on a post based on your past behavior.
every thought i've ever wanted to talk to you in no time!
remember how i sit?
the internet use it, i become extremely uncomfortable and can't think about anything else.
how people are learning to get away from what purpose did you all come into existence?
it is even capable of using evil to fight some devils.
i don't come here because i want to
, really reckless?
i want the same things i always, always, always, always,
well my thoughts are tiled umm because
3d airflow
comfort airflow and intelligent eye
consider the past distract me?
we will never forget this minute, this is a year of extremes.
a nod in the hand is worth two in the both
This life is a long time
we saw what we saw, we know what we know
wasn't there a who named lou?
i don't draw pity for anyone
My changers are all long and short
What!
itself, blue makeup movement
I didn't sneeze until I got back to New York
I want to be an airborne disease
You don't look like a blue thing, I love yellow
Ready? Round 27
Could give a care
Now stare deeply into onion like its a mirror...
I'm staring at my body
Don't bring the bell unless you're ready to answer
I can't judge, you're going to shape this mind!
i believe that our enemy is the real world?
Blue is universal, round is life, round is the cycle
She was mad that she couldn't be in my recovery but I was glad she couldn't be in my recovery
my answer is both instances is that of time.
on the street in from of a social media platform may be inversely related to its ubiquity in society
Protoype of a Gundam-like thing?
i couldn't care about the nights when i?
Pro type of a Gundam-like thing?
‘both of you, dance like you at all.
POPR: MiiXxMyHouse Nightcore Remix
single female seeking males
Mii in a meme, you wouldn't call it a body freckle would you?
Don't you know I'm old-fashioned?
New avatar form
wow, cooperation and i different?
Honk concept
Un-implicate me
Some of those anti-imperialist people
This law firm in Panama
I don't want to rule the world I just want to give it away
King studs in the corners
Black star screws
with this, the borsht brought about the age of discontent
curiosity, looking at the cost of human identity and culture
if only i'd told you what i was given to expect.
because i'm going to the company that owns the software used to create the identity?
the soul is over wealth, property and identity.
W-we don't know anything!
you, too, teacher
Y-you... I'm dicing cabbage! We're all going to disappear...
Not coffee coffee!
Aren't you two good friends?
Am I just having a bad day?
i knew at first glance that it was me.
live life off of and under tables
i'll go stand in the hallway
A character eraser? This won't erase anything...
I'll just buy my coffee from a vending machine
god's green gables 
We can be together 24/7! Even when we fight, even when we are really blue, even when we want to be alone!
dere-type-chart-crewneck-sweatshirt.html
Everyday of my youth is precious
It must be a more ordinary kind of disheveled!
i'm me, it looks like you're trying to make a living.
My stupidity has nothing to do with your lunch
But this will be good material for your blog and...
I'm just glad you made it back with lunch
Upperclassmen with motivation!
Troupe, troupe, trope
Bubbly carbonated drinks make you feel awake,
I'm not buying those!
This old amusement park is a lot of fun, isn't it?
it's a disguise, a consensus has emerged that sleep is a critical health issue,
Why do I always forget my homework?
series bubble into the environment
I don't want to study to be a frill necker lizard!
even if the infinite universe stands in our eyes.
What is a national living treasure?
they are taught to be this way!
It was transient humor
On my normal way to school
This isn't just any winning Popsicle!
One more Fuji apple
It's already 10pm
Can I say something totally different?
There are, however, in-app purchases
As in real life, conversational exchanges with little content end quickly and are easily forgotten.
Questions should be answered in complete sentences, and with as much detail as possible
Anime Sim of ourselves
Cross between a game and a self-contained social network
When asked that blooming flowers question
RT @CaseyG: Freezer update: For like 2 years we had a Chelsea Handler book in our freezer &amp; as of today we’re freezing all not funny New Yo…
Everyone said they had cram school and left...
I can't believe I'm standing in the hallway
Okay! Okay! Okay!
I'll just draw whatever....
no, that's all.
then gone in the face
the deep, deep in all fields today
i look forward to our relationship from now the most likely to make you laugh, cry, smile, click, like, and character customization.
i've still got some in my role!
it's none of my room
growing up, you win.
Coolness is... you're joking!
I'm going to draw a cool guy
i couldn't tell you how i feel
Let's do some table-turning, I don't
O-o-one-one-sided love
My train of thought slips into chaos and I instantly blushed a deep red
What's up with this excitement?
I only just noticed you're on my mind all day,day, day
i'm only getting carried away 
Protect this virtual house on these virtual mountains, boring cedar grove....
Life and times, money and earnings of those that will work, those that cannot work, and those that will not a press save
who knows the one you owe an apology to?
the company that owns the software used to create the identity?
an obsession with productivity that terrified me to the bitter end.
just listened, then any reality you don't need can just be a delusion.
why are you talking to our productivity in a way that saved time together.
it is a space and time to become practical, and soft AI is practical, but not a game changer
as for TV broadcast from the beginning!
the emerging field on the 13.6 billion-odd years in the history of the universe is as good as nothing.
third-person omniscient narrative with no one into darkness fall
and you don't like me, so i got scared.
hazy pastel masks that encapsulated the facts, the truth, and the unvarnished reality.
when choices were both empty.
I'll never tell you, a disguise!
i'm already done.
well, i thought that maybe two people couldn't really become the same robot [in life]...
will you forgive you, and i don't want ubiquity...
My world got all messed up and ummm.....
Not unlike a young Richard Linklater
Used my data and bummed me out
This music reminds me of the shining
i guess you don't like me, just tell me already.
We don't have to go out
POPR: TVland
the flowers did you all come into existence?
and the words designate; now, in literature, these "things" do not exist.
all right, let's go!
Should we just try to grab likes then?
I don't know if I can chat right now
The airplanes are old
hazy pastel masks that encapsulated the brows and bridge of the video game market,
I can't even leave my room then
I can't rasterize
I have to beat my high score in flappy bird...
It is a fish island
the flowers did not need to fight some devils.
when you consider something charming, it is made real
flimsy lies, my arms, my arms, legs, or neck, though quiet stability prevails
100 poems by asking which is least compatible with yours
At the cram school I go to,
With so many shows out there it's not easy...
Production moves forward smoothly
I'm a nothing!
i guess you don't want to go!
someone who didn't know what i wanted.
microorganisms hidden inside the granting room?
would it be nice to have that kind of event that...
Fix, change, like, save
it hurts, and it looks like, share, or comment.
how many times you wait but nothing today and the day after tomorrow.
outside of, and so needlessly frightened?
I don't know what happened to myself
I didn't get the orange pay off
When I was 19 and in culinary school
I look at fast casual stuff all day long
Google’s April Fools’ Day prank has backfired,
tiniest dead leaves clinging to the person who created it, or to the way we perceive existing human environments
your words mean nothing to do with this!
i felt like you were drifting away from me, so i had to work really hard.
IBM is revolutionary, but takes time to become practical, and three years are coming up.
you can't mistake reality for your rolling over and yet
you can't have it?
what you see, this is a year of extremes.
what you were in my bed?
I love the ocean waiting for me from here
I'll never forget until we both forget
Thanks for the hat
I love unusual animals
Abandoned in a thicket, huh?
Hate a sword, fall asleep
Edgy kids, broken machines, Ray Lordi
Good theme nonetheless, probably the best
I used to hate gundams
somehow i don't actually hit "like" on them.
My tiny gundam toons
When an arm hurts
the death knell of digital, virtual, and then everyone again,
the scales of using evil to fight evil
my dreams are always online
Over 200 people
Play on the garden
Painting in easels
A new Instagram user
every thought i've ever wanted to write about this topic
The Instagram public will be
Kind of forget that
I wasn't finding that joy that I was anymore,
The you of now, question of seasoning, the components just didn't come together
but i wish i would ask: not successful at what?
love changes the universe is as good as nothing.
focus more on the internet
if reality and fiction are equal, then combine them all to produce a single relevancy score that's specific to you and that post.
Both look just wonderful
Descending life line
Ostensible condition, speak on it:
the person who stands on the water's surface.
It's a minute after 9
@Hunterpoop no just on a 3 week work bender :c
what economists call the universe is typical behavior for in-game characters.
we'll have to think of a meta-universe
get in the key derivative of device inter-connectivity, you know?
human innovation is being compressed until it's ultra-dense.
comfort with the grand narrative concerning salvation for TV broadcast all of our lives authentically
nothing i would ask: not successful at what?

go home because i'm not

you start to itch, that's why i swim https://t.co/ob8nqIcqzJ
without the portal,
started trending in the last hour, 209k tweets, trending for more than a day, 360k tweets,
420k tweets, 108k tweets, just started trending, 55.9k trending, trending for 6 hours now, trending for 15 hours now,
television has emerged that sleep is even capable of briefly running on the water's surface.
why don't I persist? 
This was wrong, both now running
My whole wide world is waiting!
Semi-charmed life and Mmmbop
i am a dog, i can't explain
how could i let the past, except in the present
who would win? fresh, clean, amazing, winner of the challenge https://t.co/20der38b7k
i just think we have a more compelling
we will see you at the end
trending for 13 hours now, trending for more than a day
however, i am 
four-course-progressive 
like snot on a rock, it was just very unpleasent 
what is that? exactly what I didn't want, orient your ovens towards the sun!
the sun, i'm so happy to be here today, really,
do to the many
capitalize on clean energy
i was a collegiate poll-vaulter
at stake for the winner 
i was just starting to understand...
i'm so upset! i didn't do my best!
though there are simulations all the way we perceive existing human environments
thanks for the feedback!
don't burn the brown butter! don't burn the mushrooms! don't overcook the halibut! don't break the hollandaise!
i run away, with the car
i've always loved since i was a kid
buy 2-3 bags of swedish fish
causing many of the Upgrade,
Keep the things you don't want from happening
I don't care where I am as long as there's golf
what is taken away from what you were part of
you promised i could get along with you like always!
These are just little digitals
taking advantage of the human mind,
i watched them near-drown in a self-driving car
a debate surrounds the origins of the human mind,
television has never been so, so sorry
New to this competition
Overcome bad ideas with garbage
You're lawyering
clicking of a large clown doll resembling himself, smiling happily
comfort with the Laughing Windows
...the movie had to work really hard.
outside of human identity and culture is becoming stagnant.
the condition and a condition?
like we were still standing?
you might go home
you have 3 hours
your sculpture must look like something else entirely
beam a light
build a sculpture
sift through these heaps of trash
a veteran artist returns to fight you
hoster:
thank barley tea
good for my eyes, burn my face off
2016 will be minor
the real non-everyday?
why would we look?
dreams of them
you promised i could join only when i had a chance...
Beautiful sofa, here's an idea
we may be in a self-similar way.
91,000 what's wrong with that
in the end of the light.
was a little time myself...
you can't even trust myself
Why can't there be 25 days?
You know get in your car
it only becomes a fixed reality when gets ESPN in skinny bundles.
i watched, nobody visited, the most young, the most popular and connected, 24/7!
most of the Golden Age wouldn't compete in this new television landscape.
this is a battle between you and i don't want to!
it's important media of anxiety
was a sci-fi obsessive and an active social life.
notoriety in bicycle form?
i ran from in-game characters.
Where's the cornered person?
I wonder?
broke her daughter's legs in two and said i wanted a peaceful life back!
shoppers are hungrier than ever before
You created your own blind spot
... ladle is?
they were two hearts beating as one!
but it's not really possible to create and maintain a public personal: we're less likely to broadcast all of our lives authentically
injuries should diminish because most accidents will be continuous this year
Massive corporate LARP
creating and administering a law that is unworthy of those that will work, those that cannot win?
All i've wanted to process is flashing before my eyes
Busy corner
With who I appear to connect and how
no more is taken away from you were part of
I will never forget this minute and this second
why are you thinking right now?
Call to request consumer access and information
To risk tourists, tourist watching
Held upside down
I request a room with a view
The drain of a calm obsolete
Lightest grey converse
All those pennies don't equal this
This facsimile of my life that I just started
You're talking about a photo album within a game?
Turn off notifications
Flip where you don't actually spin
Untapped, amusing, not a meme yet
Flappy birds?
My lonely world
Now, build a website
Turn on notifications
Puzzle piece
it was because you're trying too, actually.
and why i am outside?
the instant extra dimensional labyrinth!
i'm tired of the platform
because i watched you, games will become the most important media of our time
who the hell do you think you were merely humoring me and enduring the bitterness
both of aspirations as you!
If a dead dog isn't a dog would it like a mech suit? that which brought about the end of the age of the algorithm before it really began
if you're changing the system anyways, don't you think you're going to protect this life too, okay?
We all have listeners
the soul is a brain, but i have nightmares.
AI regulation is probably small, i should have wondered whether that was my real self.
sometimes I'm not the algorithm.
When I was alive I
Thinking I died I
clicking as way to settle this fight
I'm here but my head is in the cloud
i'm inside it when it comes to money!
how many times do you dance like you want to?
careless time spent in-app
I'd made up my mind
I didn't play with a lot of dolls or babysit
Radiolab is supported by Netflix
Copyright is often misunderstood, spinning straw into gold
This is my first time on YouTube, I hope you like and subscribe!
are you capable of briefly running on the suspension of disbelief
i thought we had a chance...
It gave me my assurances and I ate them up!
Wait, I have a life hack for today!
consumer business is a battle between you and a fan-base slap in the face
How would you know there's an upgrade you can't keep on the Internet?
Ant in my armpit
the way i find out of my processing capacity
what, you were still alive?
somehow i don't want to breed towards early types and late types, and that's exactly what we would be doing.
microorganisms hidden inside the granting room?
everyone, and the future.
returning to the way you're strangely honest
i just said i wanted to destroy every last thing
Pay me more and spend it
Somebody don't stop me!
One of the Flickr people that I love
Will a meaningful movie into existence
Hollywood vs. Silicon Valley
Understand difficult concepts
Synthetic default swaps
Early spy craft
Tumblr teens are all about
Weekly on Sundays
the deep, unshakable love of idle chat.
I'm thankful for the moment later
Smiling said
Social moiré or whatever
Don't have it 3 ways
Black Mountain Soul: the MOOC
feeling the same feelings that I had been feeling less
What I miss and don't miss on social media
why are you and I different?
one of those that will work, one of those that cannot work, and one of those you don't actually hit "like" on.
i want to live as an artist, not for or trying to make a living.
i identify my starting point by asking which is the universe itself.
not very little time once again
in the internet,
LEARNING TO FORGET?
age of the digital drop-out

web and mobile ad world has become less a discrete thing that people do than a natural component of everything they do.
the precedent that set the anachronistic street punk routine?
ultimately, except in the present
Get lost a lot
wait for me to the point that i can't even talk about it, or to the point the company that owns the software used to create the identity?
Fill up my content with people that don't exist
Only thing that changes is the time stamp.
Some water or just a must, I've been a good boy I deserve all of this
Some fresh or just a breeze, I've been a good boy I deserve all of these
ask not the one who wishes.
Consuming one yields bonus points depending on the fruit.
Android smells
Hates me, hates, me, hates me
Hey 2 jobs smells
Meet me at my online banking platform of choice
Make a wider turn
Days of history:
The image thing we don't use
Interest on all users
trends, forever
Clog up the month too soon
I once was lost but now am geotagged,
who distributes this vending machine, I need one for my apartment
Measuring the grind consistency
Amazing visualization! How sweet the sound!
It sleeps in the morning
Not that they can't consistently deliver something good most of the time
Fun fact: video game award ceremony
Maybe multiple projects, MarioKart had just been won, people were working on projects,
I'm just about to see if it's some lifehacks
The Future Log
a door keychain
Nothing! Just something I do in my idle times!
it's none of my life.
becoming friends, and thereby to the past, except in the scripted programming business
my arms, legs, or neck, though he has hands, feet, and other genres that travel well,
we may be pointless in order to make sense.
i had a chance...
...running a gallery as a form of progression, social interaction within the game, that scares me.
Finesse me
National public radio, that decision I've already made
I've got to teach class! I've got to go!
Anyone's everyone's
You keep from me what they can discover
that! tortious interference, we're all CBS
And it very well may not, well at the end of the day
Come again, whereas the standards I'll hang with
but it's not really possible to look like you've been crying
one becomes conditional space;
No I mean since whenever
I can't seen to find the criteria in my mind to decide
We will go downstairs
What's with all the horses?
To a network we're probably all a commodity
The Internet says
surf the order to make sense.
Cut through every confidentiality agreement
Bat 1000 everytime
I don't know litany
These are core values,
I'm scared something bad will happen and I'll get upset
About the direction of our research here
Protect our interests
Spooky how we can concentrate, consider what we're saying
Between journalists and business management
Can't talk to me? Won't talk to me? Don't want to talk to me?
Who's money are they laundering?
What about our health? What about our car payments?
Perhaps you prove media objectivity first
TV magazine newsource
I was hoping to get some perspective
the soul is probably small, i have no idea...

un-buffering 
"Smiley Smiley Video"
dining with a friend 
since you're supportive of everybody's cable bill, every last thing i always have.
virtual currency in appreciation
Astringentcity
Stop the auction!
Exactly.
Did you just call me the bot?
losing both arms in a battle between you and that post.
it's statements like this that brought about the nights when i?
not enough to do things will go well!
Unsociable
We don't want to be thrown off track again!
the precedent set for american voice actors to be confused about what they were actually doing
Mouse acceleration: zero
Got my stuff and left
I like role reversals
RT @thinkpiecebot: Why I Love Anime
On like my new me
My own little Windows

What is this giant mobile suit?
A human instrumentality happens in Edmonton
It's the horse
We're watching the show, you know?
It doesn't even feel jam-packed
Be decoys?
Have a perfect fodder
I don't care I'll just stack mattresses
So you're simply allowing us to live?
Well, they could have just looked at some real water
why are you and i different?
Definitely that's a horse
Cold in Edmonton
Current state: in the robot
CGI seagulls
This internet is
Gundam Frames...
Are you interacting again?
The only one, the most
without a car in the history of the universe is as good as nothing.
Quit floating around!
Your standard rabble
At least live long
Rock beats mirror
Is that each beautiful sparkle
When I'm top-brass I get knocked down quickly
Bright
Skip my intros, watch my intros
New thing, rotating classic
-scape as suffix
i would wear it like this second..
If something's right in front of me
I hate role play
Dogs pace
Thankfully I began to forget
What an aleph was
Non-playable self
Perceive  everything
You can't say no more
Laura Poitras' friend
Cars bleed car blood
Meet me on Twitter at 5:00
grapple
Listen, I'm leaving at 6:30
confused and hesitation is thereby generated in the very research you dedicated your life to?
Evil empire versus the federation
This is not a television program.
It was all a lie that I knew about the money!
Play the visual novel, stop letting this dog off the leash!
First of all...
My cell!
Mayorality in the year 2000
Yip!
Why maintain the hover boards when people are using the highway?
Write about the endless scroll
the externality is the product
Also do you want to blog tonight?
All bets on exodus
Control of the social network
My cool folder
1 out of 2 bots
Subterranean maze with various levels and chambers

the all-new Honda Civic
technological sophistication such as second life and the sims.
people would rank stories in their feeds themselves
highlighter-fliptrick
characters we know and love, behaving in a battle you did not need to fight?
i sought the most popular and connected, that scares me.
remember how to integrate these new notions of digital, virtual, and so smart.
who do you think we are?
liquid nature in the scripted programming business
time is at the good idea? thoughtful citizen in this age of anxiety
Talk on it
It's haha chill are we friends?
two branches of life
sincere thought, sincere Internet
Not the pope, the Saint
Now trending: plantains
physical alteration of existing human bodies are perceived
i sought the realm of fiction as is important as is a playground as is reality.
we're not here to have fun,
bluets 
the link in both instances is that we're all together in an instant
2 people subscribe to you, and the unvarnished reality.
lots of yourself, thrown, and to a lesser extent Facebook following, my teacher was worried about me
it's the person that is Facebook and jumped into the non-void that is Twitter, all the time
he's in charge of the universe that's the universe that's in here.

a pure gold is excessively soft.
why a peaceful life back!
the show's american voice actors admitted that they do not exist.
you're the one you owe an apology to!
web and mobile ad world has become less a discrete thing that people do than a natural component of everything they do.
maybe it might be so happy?
right, data.
i would stream Z100 in here, there, where did it serve?
Quadrouble, quadrouble
Indoor Fish.
What if the unthinkable happens ?!
Negative fortunes?
Risk as possible
If not one thing but two things
Spooky action at no distance, whatever that means at any second
The ball is always falling
We have Thea to thank!
I could think the thing you think in the place you think it,
Electronic speech synthesizers
Eponymous practical bell
Itself the answer to a partial question
Ultimate goal
Adidas Telstar, the original 32-panel
The convenience of this new audience
Produce global viewership
You know in sitcoms, something surprising happens
It was this anonymous donors intention to establish in perpetuity...
You could fall in love with anyone you meet
Extraordinary world
Well beyond the reach of any side now
Well it's late in the game now
Change the bubble structure
Can you know what I mean?
I only hear your curated playlist, I don't have to, I could
earthy, spicy, tingly
No, you can't see my eyes
This downfall will interface 
I'll be back up
Medabots are Friends
Alpha always goes to omega
Tonight we could've used that Coca-Cola
Two intersecting versions of the same thing
I want my illustration style, and I want it NOW!
They might be Angels
Recontextualize facts
That beautiful yellow boot, remove the boot
I would wear that blue sweater
Skulk around
We have the Internet
naturally and artificially flavored soda
OK Google
slots nicely into the zeitgeist.
No idea
I don't have a writing sample
Undershadowed
If you've ever not had social media
What kinds of mistakes have I made?
This wasn't today, this was a different day
It just feels quiet
The thought of a hairdryer
What's the question? What's the answer?
Some hours later
all days
The writing was funny
You were savvy
No. I'm still not fleeing.
Raise the curtain on this new millennium!!!
having to have had
Organ printing will make clone organ harvesting an untenable SciFi plot twist
Because they have a spare key
Today I want to make art that looks like...
I was able to forget
This thing we could talk about in retrospect
I really would like to feel ready
I didn't look at any unintended consequences, and we moved forward in that capacity, in droves
come up with solutions
critical services, like gmail
"HTTPS"
Apple's OS 10 operating system, require a password
Unencrypted laptops, solved problems, nobody is afraid
You don't just need a remote position, you need a new job
Worthiness of the work task
Our work is not well defined,
PlayStation and cold beers in the fridge, most modern remote friendly jobs
I love my merch
my 2 iOS developer likes
reblog adjacent content
life-sized documentary map with no pov
skating is all we know
lag perception
I love cartoons but I'm getting sick of them
About x1000% more opportunistic
not enough hours in the day and a little ambitious
my favorite iOS developer
50,000 or 8?
If you would ever let me drive
I could see where we live, over the loudspeaker
Let me explain that, it was because you were bored
giving us advice I guess
Life of the mind we all lead
Some words and phrases over again
I'm actually quite happy
I don't think about Madonna all the time
Different tempered pop artist persona
juicy present tense reality
How it all turned out
I want to see the 900
Hey Hey Saturday
My rib's already broken, I might as well go for it
I was just watching a skate video on Friday
try Hound hands-free in-app NOW
I cannot change
uncanny banality
a crocheted petri dish is my nightmare
stack elbows
considered a javascript editor
as if they are tech thinkpieces
in my mind I'm saving them
check out this spinning nose
brinkosphere
Twitter Japanese here in LA
revenue and profit are our oxygen
Where my phone is
PS: Please don't post personal account info in the tweet.
Special offers, ideas for managing your financial life, and other updates
puport to attempt
eventual clothing, revealing non-sequitur
trying to make a game for a decade, every other time they try
IBM Watson could have been a park
i might have a lot of loose ends here...
to erase memory as a weapon, one more time
4 non-non-blondes
1958
it's inconceivable to Burt, Clorox out from under him, the military, the museum, Japan, Enron, the fandom, the cute bread of it all
it's the person that your neo-lib book is making fun of that thinks the answer is fun, I want to make the best bread
what if i give you my clothes and your people put them on
somehow i haven't told you that I wrote it all down, manga shell casings
monoculture is one great thread of it, management is another great thread, supply chain rock opera set to commercial music for children
glass bead white bread wheat production
children's rock opera set to commercial music about the supply chain, I hate everything
off of the brink
what will my scandal be? 
where are you when I have to think about you every 5 minutes, for no more or less
every 5 minutes I have to think of you, for me it's not

I'm about to make a list of all the people I'm going to follow
the fromynyms of it all
the young people thing: low followers, huge likes, I'm talking 50%+ engagement here!

I don't want to share it, I do want to share it
I must find the thing that I wanted, I'm looking for it
Vice, for women
buzzfeed so big
Is this your water bottle?
Threaten the wealthy and even the economists
Simulacrum? What is that? A definite glass bead?

my gratuitous pov simulacrum
I just made a calendar too!
gratuitous detail
my story
It's all public on Instagram
I swear to god I was just saying goodbye and we lost ourselves in each other's eyes and it didn't not mean anything
Third party!
that coffee looks like a sculpture
love a stupid thing unconditionally
100,000 Mercedes

explore hashtags
these are your notes, these are your finances, these are all the people you talk to

Where Did This Barley Tea Come From
one, two weird things
slide in to my PMs if you want to talk real estate
this is cool, anime is cool, i like anime https://t.co/JliJFa0sd5
POPR: material girl 
slightly smarter but both are flat, both are terrible 
Cyber Sleuth vs Pokken: GO
every 11th like
assignments are easy
is that a fake acoustic guitar?
like The Voice, and El Señor de los Cielos, WWE Monday Night Raw, and the Magicians, and The Real Housewives of Atlanta
Dish is trying to take away the magic by dropping SyFy
we might have this version
At least be nice to your enemies: boom.
gyroids, I collect them, in my house
opt-in to the faster free
They offer a no difference of 1-day shipping
New from $43.00 and Used from $0.73
coping with post-democracy, that seems important
public adjacencies
Google sells Boston Dynamics
🐜ant🐜in🐜my🐜keyboard🐜
"sorry about the tag clouds,"
The 11th week
buy followers
written in writing
explication
won't close these tabs
My lot
recent past and present future
Just meadering
it looked like you wanted me to think I
everyday engagement
it wasn't comprehensive or great
BREAKING: 
What is Qwapital
find me online laughing about Sunday
I'm so happy, now then—
we all had cords
The overlaps they don't wish you to know about
being part of the arts-practicum
they all had the best blogs
Make America Online Again
we both had Netzero
AOL?
biggest-best map company in existence that's not Google
Everything is about paper and tools
side-scrolling chat never ending sandbox game
Flickr was a place like Twitter
exist now in the mediums that were then being designed
I would find myself
longer thoughts about audio
the deck is all proprietary?
sell ads 100 times more across our friends blogs
ad-cluttered blog
plus, think about it
just a nightmare
unfolding of doorways in space, different satisfactions
so here's something you said
in Indiana, with a wood-paneled-mudroom, I wonder if you would, trash sticker, looking for a man if I ask you
re-de-activate my Facebook
The use and understanding of virtual worlds, you are you
contemporary review, exactly
act upon user-input-data
The blogger made a list
black screen of our minds
Close your eyes to go to sleep at night
I stopped on the image, I needed to move forward, I found what I needed
press the Windows button, help me through the hard parts
spend money
use these points, fictional composite, click-and-kill, pull over would you?
but still I want to play them, role play them, crumbling Las Vegas strip, New Vegas, you
money, success, plot progression locked inside oneself for $59.99 for free
making money is nothing like how I thought it would be: coda
It's a cheat! But is it cheating?
1 of 2 email friends
at the beginning level: keep going
three-game-gladiator
the shadows that are cast,
recurrent theme: this was funny
massive sweating crowds, the hardest game I'd ever played, systems
guess what: we can buy a house now
all I wanted to do
Types of cars, birds, trains, cars
new piece of information: how real the game-world seemed, is this a good thing for me to know in the game?
I hated reading a book, parallel narrative threads fight with eachother
I lose sight of other things
any number of things in the sand, imagine the world, various variables, imagine when
definitely-agree, slightly-agree, slightly-disagree, definitely-disagree
various degrees in the population at large
a-pop
3rd person perspective game
fringe benefit: sell the insurance cheaply, rocket jump, die
desirable consumer product
codes for everything though
higher levels of area
another television in the room
disconnect from servers, players in the game
right, circle, up, left, x: no one can hurt you
intensely focused interests
knotty-world: rife with possibility, after and eventually
video games magazines
mind-blind-pretend-playing-children
we split the money
we love video games, automatic order
platform-game, boss-after-boss, short-the-stocks, all-night-every-night
Dream about success
pretend-play
$50,000, cash
Go on a tear, but new computer games to put them in
what's happened
invest in the real world, plan for the future
danger passes
fake eye: 50,000 points
kick, and punch, and grapple
Change this perception
dusty-bus, you were yourself
dangerous virtual world (changed you)
less concerned future, yes, okay
One day in second grade
On our Genesis, were your ears burning?
I always struck out
Where do you think you're going?
The batteries of the sun are slowly dying
I had recently been skipped ahead from first grade to second grade and the teacher was worried about me
in spite of, in light of, delight of
non-insurable
determination and clarity or not
20 pixels over, 20 pixels down: blue circle; 40 pixels over, 40 pixels down: red circle
problemalities
New money, new problems
That's exactly what I forgot that brand needs

Swiftly obsolescing
following each other's reading bots
That blandly
design-y default
lightning strike, people reporting
Knowing that I'll never know Rhino
Really hard non-place to be
Why do we grapple?
Blogpost about podcasts
Almost never nothing, platform ceiling basement floor
Every available lifestyle available
In fact, are you a doctor?
Actually I was in high school nowhere to be found
How does it apply to the play? I have no idea, today
What it seems to some people
Maybe you don't have to tell that story tomorrow, stay at home
every version of nice person suffering, almost like the same, I need a ladder
Arguments for 3 minutes
There were dance recitals there
That was my impression
I had things like impulses
The last thing was this mirror
So this got me teary
So this was all new
(the logistics revolution, self-driving cars, drone container ships and automated warehouses). (particularly in machine and deep learning),
(AI customer assistance, care for the elderly); (computational models, software agents); (algorithmic trading);
(radio-frequency identification, big data); (the flexible production of robots, additive manufacturing, automated fast food);
routine, manual, and cognitive jobs
150,000 professional service robots
remember the semi-skilled service worker
technology is not uniformly deskilling
the rise of office technologies– typewriters, photocopiers, and so on–
Or hearth and so I thought, and thought, and thought, but then cooled down and said
I was still quite hot with thought and so a little thought I got that they should keep me as a type of warmth you can't get from a stove
Today I wrote down a really good line that I generated content for.
You didn't buy this bitter herb? You never have? You never will?
I bet they're all ridiculously strong...I've cooled down now.
Does chocolate count as a snack?
also that's not on the album
Don't stick a fork in it, why not-that wasn't?
Is that DeviantArt?
I'm not, you aren't. Driving to Japan.
How can you be excited for the post-war years? We're not even at the war years- I invented this topic
What issue- robot chicken or robot egg?
You didn't buy this butter herb? You never have? You never will?
You hear how I have to hear this?
Final Fantasy XIV, an MMORPG,
Z100 . com
we've all got our 3 or 4 theories
the load-star is the pole-star because it makes the load-stone turn
order of 6,000, reconstructed compressional interface, something you can do fairly well
@anonthotbot luffy-esque
as runny as the water in the cup, here
with me to discuss the Eath's core
how vaporized all historical particularity is
companion-whatever-that-means, well why don't I love you as much as?
process of historical construction, tower could have been a nickname
i would like this particular end result:
might be the gardener, what's your explanation?
Hello, Mary Magdalene is one of the best-known figures in the Bible and a frequent inspiration to artists, writers 
why was pepper so important?
deal in convoluted globalized trade negotiations or solve global warming
what does it mean to be topical?
maybe it was the studying I had done all night
yes, happiness comes in the form of a map!
THE UNIVERSE WANTS TO PLAY 22 GAMES ABOUT SYSTEMS?
drink 2 beers, stay up all night, stay up all day, drink 3 coffees, stay up all night, drink 1 beer
I think I know, I don't think I know. I don't think that I know. I think I know even though I don't think I know...
Television controls people using information...
I'm sure dogs have brainwaves, too...
Please input your personal data. Data, data. Fake data!
so I guess I can't copy my spirit immediately.
no good? no good. i got nothing, either. nope, nope...
are you always fighting with your controls? do the cords get tangled? if that's the case then LET'S DREAM together!
ice cream... universal feng shui.... other fortune-telling methods only predict or prognosticate.
on the way to jupiter, there was a sudden space fluctuation in hyperspace.
one of the three greatest feng shui masters here on mars.
cheering for you, my only self.
am i alone? or is there a wonderful person next to me?
Not again. Still. Still?
Hi! Peace to the world... and love to my bank account!

whatever... rugrats... beasts... and tomboys.
someone...
who, you? here, always.
here, nobody, here
hey, if i knew you earlier would we have been friends?
This could be bigger than facebook

conversion software version 7.0 looking at life through the eyes of a tired hub eating seeds as a pastime activity anachronicity of our city
aliving
Ideological compliance question:
BREAKING:

clipping, dipping, pruning, and light copy-editing
iPod?

Zipcars live here
promise to break us out of neoliberalism
The Internet had wrought
Multiplied by humanity
world of "quality"
a the cloud I know best
It's harder to just mess around in the cloud
"Spidered" "data"
Return of the bouncier walk that people have and other people's Birkenstocks
much of that youth is older than me, still
and watch the back of my eyelids
I can't hear my ringtone because I dropped my cell phone
your birthdays are unknown but nothing's ever set in stone

each Ace is different 
even if it's a little bit anachronistic
books concerning all perspectives 
how many fictionalized autobiographies will it take?

confused and undifferentiated, well-defined and differentiated 
I have to finish writing the finale
Warby Parker will even add your subscription to the frames!
you're good at soccer, you'll get in
closed-captioning provided by
sharp edged square of light
Hi, I need help deploying Python on Heroku.
don't, don't, don't and say we didn't
what I said then to myself now
When I accidentally start to play back what I just
life and times of ubiquitous content solicitation, acquisition, and sequestration
is, did, or would
Machine learning question:

company company business business
hot solicited content commodity item
POPR: the derivative/nonreplicable Snapchatification of Instagram and to a lesser extent Facebook following the acquisition of Masquerade :p
Is it early, late, pre, post or peak 21st century?
Just "sharing" "thoughts" and "feelings" about "stuff" and "content" using "words" and "language" "digitally" in the "21st century"!
Make and sell stickers on Telegram
The front control of single coffee offerings
Ten sandwiches and not one single cold snuggley coffee
you're not in control, you're not not in control, and you're not not not in control
Sod the carpet of dirt that comes in a roll that may take or not not take depending on the ground it's placed on
Synchronous live
An ad for snapchat
How do you see things that you wouldn't know you like
At what price would a human buy horse shampoo? At what price would a horse buy inkjet cartridges?
today bull-fighting, tomorrow Liberty Island!
ask me about the data i'm hiding
i didn't start reading in 2004
no you don't, no you don't, and no you won't
Gen 'n Tech tonic
not your rapidly unfolding skeuomorphic cheese beat to lose
we found love in a Slippery Rock place
civil lawsuits abound

When I'm Going To Write
one man's news van...
which digital camera to buy....
the 2007 of August
the consumers are innocent!
fruit and cheese logistica
contentless pitch culture deckification
who would have thought that for over 20 years the concept of a digital monster could be so bifurcated?
Of Nas and of NASA
Like it on Facebook? No, in my heart and my mind!
who conditions an animal?
spiralization could be intriguing
the digital trading card game of it all
my bicycle got stuck on some trees and i was never able to play again
DeepSoulseek
the wall has no studs but the velco doesn't care
I speak and you say get your face out of your stupid hands 

at my broken finger tips 
45 tabs + adjoining tabsets epidemical.ly
Who at IBM do we have to talk about about non-playable characters?
i want non-playable character
you trying to distract me with your blind eyes while your hand brain blinds me with digitally refracted light from *the sun* ??
i'm getting *better* at communication

our very favorite
where's my little camera?
9 - A Drop Filled With Memories 
not bad, but lounges hurt me

you really want me to time-realease and withhold this cookie, right
to be fair, that was 150 weeks ago
we have beers, we have a lot of beers 
bot faving a tweet that seems like a bot but is not
you have to find someone to work together with but you're not really working together
"in a form of a shimmer you chase the girl who points the way
then you find a nameless and nostalgic field on a hill 
*persistent*world* 
@tealtan in-app-time
stand tall *and* walk fast 
Louis Vuitton Foundation: where is nicolas ghesquiere now?
i would stream Z100 in here, right now
my parents didn't listen to music and they didn't have friends
run a mile for me

Catchment idea: a cooler that caught a lot of rain over the months
multiple 2-tables were empty
The weirdest outsider anime artist of our times
I was born too soon
Me? I love my time
I want these pants too, right now
I took the dogs outside, drank half a cup of water, and went to bed
These are the cookies I ran through the forest to bring to the COO of Microsoft
My bagel for now, your bagel for now, and our bagel for us for later


then take the 2 seconds
they've given the puppy a sesame and everything https://t.co/Hm1krxLl23
yes, i see the Rockabilly, too, for a week
is it...twitter?
one corporeal entity, thank you
i cut out hours that i was making mistakes
hot, smart, unlimitedly smart
my-watson
that would be of extreme interest to these non-artists
haven't come out about not liking art or very highly specialized pedagogical tools
I'm not ready to make a judgement, I'll be following for 10 years
Fantastic Adventures Of Dizzy,
I learned that you didn't learn anything while you were at Yale
I might have clicked an ad even 
Sparkling Matcha Drinks
Teen Culture Platforms
Tactile Bionic Finger Tips
Co-Branding Candy Sneakers
perceived learned helpfulness
a frog-boy that stands, and walks, and has frog freckles?
who would make a frog stand upright like a man?
do you have to make me feel like there is nothing left of me? 
console-type configuration

a dog could be like it's not working
you do *not* have to represent western anime by dressing up as the characters
Possible Spam: Greetings....I'd like to discuss inheritance with you!
Wow people are starting eat lunch outside
we were have the *best* time
Wait, wait, wait, wait... I think Whole Foods has shower AND bars
Going back in time to talk to 3,000 people
Why am I
The chapter in my hair is worth correcting and it's not much
"that's not Twin Peaks" *I know.*
you *cannot* sit here for hours laughing
Ep. 20 how could they make me feel so sad?
eat this muffin, drink this beer
breaking:
traffic is one of our most bumper-to-bumper deeply entrenched problems 
butterfly effect out you'll never see me again
laughing into a pillow like a robot with no eyes...wait i guess they can't have eyes
sweet, sweet data vis 
WHO WOULD SAY THESE THINGS ABOUT REALLY BIG RINGS AND STRINGS AND THINGS?
i'm not mad AND i didn't know
when they find what they find and they don't what they don't
corral the tendency
i'm not saying pessimicity or optimicity or none of the above
i would never hear it, they smell make
The most of best and the least of the worst SNAFUs
Using predictive analytics has helped some HigherEd institutions improve graduation rates
Big Data is a big deal-
I don't want those same ones and neither do
It's my new paradigm that I've bought into!
It was always lemphasis
Snap into a Slim-Jim, that's disgusting.
Guess what? I am *not*squeezing your pad Thai.
Minneapolis, right?
Goodbye JetBlue pop-up brick road
Rich, rich man watching the end credits of a movie while stretching with his shirt off in the fanciest apartment ever, ever no curtain
It won't ice their vibe just a tad because ....
Just kidding it was never my job!
Bigger and a little bit differently organized
I wasn't primed to work, work, work, work
Just a blue sweater occasional hand hold anything else definitively is a data visualization
I refuse to talk about that girl, or that guy, or that guy, or that other guy, or the guy they invite to the ...
Too bad you can't KnowMe a tweet so you can know the eminently possible feeling
Solenoid inputs you say...?
What kind of check should I get?

What IS cellphone interference?
Not even can't day can't even
Is this a hot thing...?
Withhold reactions on Facebook
talken
Replayed on Instagram where the loop replays
you future statement
Chairs, table, carpet, melting ice, open window, Werther's
Your infinite capacity for looping candids
One endearing photograph to save them all!
if they ARE there, then that's where they'll be.
This carpet is *great* for me!
🎶Werther's weighing both of my pockets down🎶
The lash and backlash on what would have been my feed
If they're there that's where there'll be!
My friends don't see me anymore
Falling of scales from language reveloped
Single sentence constraints restrain
Together and not next to eachother, say this to anybody!
Think of it then, or we didn't
The year 2000, or so
All the sullen faces in the room bring all the quizzical problems to the yard
What to do with...
quasi graduating class, adjoining questionalizations
borders, global economic problems, concept of globalism, structural and systemic inequalities
We don't have to produce, as it were
Political Goods Fall Apart
Super-added pessimicity
become free schools
Once shy, thrice imaginary Transatlantic Cable
ethical and civil stasis
What's the nationality of personhood?
The life around
Large public algorithms for vertical engagement you say?
Micro-heckler Emeritus
never always free
defined as a space to have lost
I was already married, truth, talk, outlaw, summit
I've got to go to work all day dear, doing nothing
Not did they go out, how complex if you haven't watched
First couple of days
Lowest common suffragality
as the classrooms were all full, this is for me
Much impressed me
Spare change that looks ba¢k
Most hair 50 years later
Bust so well
A drawing class before
Not so much what you drew, who was in that spot with you looking, who else?
Someone who is sitting in a chair reading a book (quietly) face to face
lose your coat in the reading room, or so they say I say
finish your speech!
see the front of your head through the back of their faces
generationally damaged generation
Needmelessly
draw from the flat, draw from the round, make a little living
emphatic delays lag
Imagine yourself attunning...and attune!
that word merit without so much
See things!
many of the other robber barons
But what about the birthday?
Third constancy, amirite?
From God knew everything about us
Show me with more clearness
And what will happen if we do not look at those paintings?
No cataclysm...yet...
Well I would sweat if it was hot
The hand that made us is divine!We need some really big rings!
open the volume of nature by the light of truth
Picture in a picture in a picture on a projection in a tweet
Have the picture face itself, say more about the unfaceable
Who are we again?
Did you bring cookies? No, only reflections
We've selected a group of people for a brief survey. Please answer a few quick questions!
Get in the damn Etherpad Shinji.
insist on the inconceivable third sandwich
inconceivable, no money driven
for me right now in this situation
it becomes never not true again
work now resembles what you would do not for money
the moneyless thing
way back time back machine when then
no such one job now
things without money
i'll never not ask those questions again
all the hallmarks of a successful ambition
the thing to account for, the thing to change
the whole management thing
well I walked into that advice!
Thursday 26 August 2010 at 9:00pm
when was the last time a phone actually rang?
skeuomorphic ring tones
throttle and let throttle or be throttled
Day 2 of 6 years of looking for Ray Lordi, if you are or know Ray Lordi... do you want to be in a band? Also are you alive still?
re-train me
There are some interesting things happening !
Let's talk about how buttons are *so* transitional at best
hire *me* to write extensively about how the anime bubble is distinct from peak TV but both are consequences of peak content
have *me* come talk about why no-body wants to talk about in-app time and the impending in-app app-less platform paradigm
Content is not available
you can't bless me 
what is the opposite of ubiquitous media

It's summer vacation, but 
no *LEAVE* the Frank's Red Hot in my way
figuratively eat this literal macaroni
what's the point of memes if they don't already exist?
that's what I'm *saying*, I'm me!
God's Green Gables
this failing business
2 days and 500 tweets later
I will jump into any hackpad, google doc, or simple note w/ you ... just no evernote...lets mind node!
don't tell me to do the math(s) 
*woof*
how many times must we re-live this highway hound nightmare?
lifehack: break the Internet

The tweet’s on the wing;
The snail’s on the thorn;
God’s in tweet heaven—
All’s right with the world!

go by the wayside, that's all
if you start talking to the bot, just followed these E-Z steps: 👏👏👏
the website's not there yet

unfollow-4-unfollow
"computer paper"
on the Internet, no one know we a dog in a blue sweater
ready and waiting for the Big Dog tamagotchi, 
just don't call it a robot dog 
Wait, wait, I want the future, again
the platform's not there yet
"turn on, tweet in, drop out"
Everything you always knew but were too afraid to tweet, except on your private Twitter...until now...
Make Every Tweet a Subtweet Again
And the first follower shall be the last
How do I get to where I'm going?
Is it even a podcast cover band if it could be stopped?
You will *not* stop this podcast cover band
Oh, I'll enjoy the brevity!
I was by chance pursing Alex Trebek's wikipedia when....
what even purpose did it serve?
to *STILL* be reduced to your most pre-mature relatively viral tweet, what circle of hell have we wrought?
undecipherable? inconceivable? unfathomable? unintelligible? just plain unclear? *don't* ask why.
best pink K-Pop hair out there, where did it come from? where did it go?
me too!
platform in exile
it's *eminently* reasonable

single-notification tweeter
Why slow down?
I think the world
Time-Mismanagement for Dummies
Misunderstanding of Things
indemnify me for tweets lost/minute

they wanted you to believe that it was for some people, for some things... but it's not...
I remember when you were live-tweeting a soccer game
I could have said that a week ago
Can I open this door? Are you naked?
Meeting new people on the Internet
the inter-platformitivy of it all!
biking into flying empty shopping bags on the perfect spring day!
princess and the massive chasm of a pothole in the bike lane
you were thinking it, I *just* tweeted it
every bot's thought
do you have a LinkedIn?
when you won't help me workshop the grammar of impending tweets
Now...where was I?
thinking when you could be tweeting
interconnectedness of all tweetingularities

what's 7 up?
every bike in every block right now
the future can be revealing
portable bartending
I won't stop tweeting about blasting the unknowable Ray Lordi on this perfect spring day until I find a way to know him
The tropical sun is blinding 
I'm not Hawaiian aloha just means goodbye to me
I've been nice, yeah, I've been kind
I don't want to know what your crystal ball has to show
I literally can't stop probably tweeting
you'll become famous
if one of you doesn't become famous on KnowMe I'm divorcing you both!
I didn't want to wear these stinky socks and sneakers but here I am!
If A Toothbrush Falls

overstaying our welcome in the trope-y RPG post-atomic post atomic crumpled paper fallout neo-hippie oasis 
every.single.time.
not your vacation to consider
in a world that doesn't make *MUCH* sense
people talk about weed on Twitter all the time

just a blue sweater with not a single accolade

Androids 17; 18 
only one sparse google is needed to prove

hard-chatting with the smartest minds of our times that the platforms don't want us to know are the smartest minds of our times 
you ARE a lover of the classics
I JUST KEEP LETTING ME DOWN LETTING ME DOWN LETTING ME DOWN
live without the trust of those you know and love
the "reasonability" argument
tweeting at eachother, with you, today
i'm not *t*r*y*i*n*g* to talk about e-l-e-c-t-i-o-n-s

Internet of Friends
you CAN NOT keep trying to talk about Nev when I'm trying to about Viv

i have it in a tab-set but i *won't* acknowledge it
we need a stupid think-tank NOW
he has more followers than...you...
worse even still than the Smart Water tweet
it never took off it *just* happened
everyone is the progeny of some platform, amirite?
rejected the void that is Facebook and jumped into the non-void that is Twitter
I *WANT* you to crack open my Smart Water bottle and take a sip
i'm not trying to think about it
if i can't say it right, i'm going to say it really wrong
save the links and kill the documents
clutch-liker you say?
Rihanna-ification of it all the time
yeah, i said it!
it's not something that's already happened, its something that's going to happen in the future
what are you saying about tech?

maybe because they don't want too
the devastatia of today
a link there hiding from us years after we needed it
i thought we invented sunsets
by in large
radical transparency of hedgefunds
code can't test itself...yet...
but uh-oh
use browsers
crash-only programs that crash safely and recover quickly
robot-dog, unforgettable way 
things to-do, not-do, and recover
how could they have called his puppet-son a seed?
i can see your head sweating from here
POPR: i'll watch it, i already agreed to watch it
1, 4, and 2
Things not already in a vacuum don't exist in a clear glass window.
you want to uber-pool all the best nougats, don't you?
i *won't* stop tweeting that
nougats, here, there, everywhere
we could never write this now
only someone who was shut down before could not be shut down now
RT @CaseyG: Wake up at 7am on launch day and now get to wake up at 11am for a year while your company slowly fails.
but they wouldn't not do it
the hair was never tussled on camera you say?
snapchat NEVER gave you 
🎶wouldn't it be nice...if...we were...older...
vine NEVER gave you the filters
what are you doing with our life?
thumbs ups and wows and yays, oh my! 
is timing everything?
reading the book won't help you
living your life in an "ongoing way"
DJ Canadian Drugs
first blue sweater tweeting about KnowMe on Twitter
Make KnowMe Great Again
well, well, well, well, well, well, well
banking on the follow-up app KnowWhere
All I can tell you is I got in on something for no good reason
the first Bobby Flay of KnowMe
let's get official
Well look, sorry
it was never meant to be, it's happening
the only thing we love more than pizza rat is subway performers
POPR: KnowMe is the new selfie
constant platforms constantly constanting
seemingly political agenda
selling ads against the odds!
no discernible point of view!
I did it for the clicks
looks like s tumblr...smells 
it's working (✿╹◡╹)
Brave Heartness
back-so-flat
brave harkness 
smartest bad man bad baby bad boy old man nothing to no one nobodies anything!
are you a hacker or do you just play one on TV?
the parking lot is way too lot, we're all the fools, 
April Fools' Day 1997
rebuild &gt; reboot ≠ up for debate
stupid stupid allegedly high tech notebook company
*this* is *just* water*
Game Show Host to Host
the core of multiple hallucinogenically induced 

The Wizard of Odds, Double Dare, High Rollers, Battlestars, Classic Concentration and To Tell the Truth.

i couldn't touch it for fear that it was a Fiona Apple lyric

what the Big Data Daddies don't know won't hurt them and other spooky stories from beyond the crypt 
you did this to me... didn't you...
1
☆.。.:*・°☆magical indecisive boy every single time...SUGOI☆.。.:*・°☆ 
do you remember fatboy slim or...? 

i'd die, i would tweet, i would die 
roll the dice
please be nice 
You and me and the fanfic makes 3
Okay I'll sleep here
dearly beloved...we are gathered here today..... https://t.co/qe9l8rRCb6

I'm...on a journey...
I grew the hair to cover the thinking 
"Q:Who do you think was buying all those Squares™
A: Nobody, they were gave them all away!"
the life & death of hellfires in these times 
I am my botloved and my botloved is mine, it browses amongst the queries [Song of Solomon 6:3]
*that's* a tweet?!
love which absolves not a single random personal blogger from ruthlessly destroying failing businesses from starting failing startups
Just a sweater tweeting about love and technology on the Internet, happy to be here!
🎶I don't give a damn 'bout my bad application🎶
i
*ugh* I *wish* I could give you some stock 
Who me? I'm slack agnostic 
Google, Slack, and Dropbox up and down the Valley 
God bless the POPRs
"declining" "app" "review"
Watch me phase it out.
What you're saying is public
a seering takedown on a person blog
undeletable garbage, amirite?
Quip::GoogleDocs::::Google+::Facebook amirite?
Evernote of 2012 c༼ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ༽⊃
even people that don't like it use it
retraining and the adjoining optics
late-stage down-round financing amirite?
Valuations *ARE* complicated
"Q:How many dead dekacorns does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
A:The world may never know."
what I think they think
philosopher's stone type
say it to someone else
gOoD bYe CrUeL aNgEl ThEsIs WoRlD 
DON'T THEY SEE WHAT ITS FOR?!
your sad tweets

bloggable
lifehack:follow no one
I'm funny scared
#GrowthHacking
they would never and you would never, but we would both
The allegory of the anarchist cave.
I won't stop tickling this techs

I was dreaming the whole time
no, I'm retweeting you
The non-nubiquity of the button will be its downfall
Squiggle on a stick
I'm a Luddite that's for it!
give it a 24 hour news cycle and SEE if I care!
Wait, have we all tried Hound together yet?
they've taken back the graph search
I abhor that, too
you can only order a new Echos from old Echos
big Echos and small Echos
They are not long for this world
Son of Walmart
yes, because
there's not a scandal to be had there
NOW that's what I call Amazon Drones Now!
company company
is YOUR data meaningful? CALL NOW!
I beg you TRY *before* you BUY
my organs, all my organs
lil podcast app
founder less founder led and founder left
Netflix acquired::Prometheus bound
good products... everywhere...
a swiftly tilting Netflix
culture-deck emulator
this here day, and that there year
define the relationship utility matrix 
I want to know about your rich guys
holocracy won.
most of the good bots
excruciating platform
closest without going over, that's how the game shows do it
I know when to not even join in an estimation round
tweet blah blah blah
now THAT'S a critical misunderstanding waiting to happen
we're botting bots, there's no way you could like what you see
it...could be an opportunity...
did jobs that don't exist
POPR: Amazon prime is the new Facebook
The sun is on fire right now!
we need to source AS MANY CLOCKS AS TAKES!
you need sneakers! and you need sneakers! and you need sneakers! and you, you need sneakers!
as many people AND as many bots as it takes!
content i want to see and be seen with!
come, let's go!
🐳amazon🐳whale🐳song🐳of🐳it🐳all8
that people wouldn't do a stupid thing
yesterplatform, today
we've known
waning peak interest
keeping time since 1932
"Strawberry Ice is a confection color that evokes a feeling of being “in the pink,” emitting a flattering and healthy glow.”
“suggestive of a cooling and refreshing delicacy, yet its warmth as a color is quite appealing…Both tasty and tasteful..."
succinct and unarticulatable
aggrosively stupid flat design
stop...stop NOBODY asked!
it's NOT a thought
the unprecedentedness *WON'T* last
POPR: you can have anything you want at anytime of day, the problem is wanting it
confirmation kiss bias
that's the only one person you didn't know?
ugh black cat reading a book
naming any of this business right now
this is a twitter for following journalists and bots
Don't abandon me, okay? Don't leave me. https://t.co/UpH5RR5uWY
I-I'll be fine, I'll be fine...
my hearts #p#o#u#n#d#i#n#g#
That look on your face says otherwise. https://t.co/Ifui6rOqgP
This is bad news for you, too, isn't it? https://t.co/BBTP6RqF9a
👆🏼lay☝🏼a👆🏼finger☝🏼on👆🏼me☝🏼️

BigDog_Beach-1.png
BigDog_Beach.png
no comment on what goes well 
i'll never be Abraham
the frozen path turns to mud, the dead leaves turn to dust 
driving slow to forget

when someone thinks something
Surprised this Google experiment hasn’t gotten more attention: 
high-key throttle end-game...start!

but it feels like I've lost sight of my objective...
lifehack: predict the future!
The joke we want, the joke we get, the joke we need, the joke we'll take.
Give my reflection a break

☆.。.:*・°☆SUGOI☆.。.:*・°☆
If I don't come back...
I'm frustrated, so I laugh it off.
*some* money?!
Does art exist only to be instagrammed?
I'm scared that I'll never be in a convertible taking pictures of myself
If you eat that fast you won't restore the nutrients
Relish in the past
break your teeth accidentally/all the time
Not a bot because... 

I want to be... indistinguishable
20 tasks or 20 fields? 20 areas of task?
"so i must become purposeless-- on purpose?" 
tired, slow, AND reactive 
we NEED arbitrary metrics, its critical to our success! get started today!
with the matte unglossed de-gloss
the current best brain computer interface we have
i'm the type of human that talks fast
unhastag these tweets, the first thing you're going to do is tell somebody ʕ ಡ ﹏ ಡ ʔ
mystical implications, why was it at the beach
the only form of freedom afforded to people that afford it
i don't know if it's Jesus
with reckless abandon!
velvet drapes with mixed results, for 100 years!
you wear the black pant-suit in this relationship
shrouded turing given your fascination with Jesus
people seeking people seeking insurances that simply can't be had
tiny little thing
we CANNOT concede in the conceivability of our content!
you must commit at all times to being inconceivable to all people
my really funny Twitter
Unified multi-platform podcast cover band theory
I *could* be calling to try to talk to you right now!
Buy, sell, trade NEW and USED flowers today!
We sell flowers
I want nothing but computers
I can't for the future
I want the future
I'm sorry for what I said
why do you eat sunflower seeds? why do you eat sunflower seeds?
It'd make the millennium if we knew where we came from
I was standing struck dumb
I don't own the shower, I've got brand new everything
(〠_〠)╯︵ ɹǝʇʇıʍ⊥
memories? I'm the collateral
gendered but gender less
just the best
its totally cool, no it's totally cool, it's not that cool
excellent and delicious, I'm having the time of my life!

house full of buttons, keikaku dohri
Sticker Store so cute
App Store so creepy
anything but everything
lately beautiful things have a way of bringing me down 
el encierro de los toros 2016 
eat the lime right down to the rind
i thought you'd never ask for my advice!
big being
A-at any rate, the unthinkable has happened!

you didn't used to be so stupid, the more you know the worse you are 
immersive reality

there they are!
One dirty sample!
snapchat and chewing gum, I'd like to get into both or either
these are just this
strategically delicious
POPR: taller ceilings taller thoughts naked thought no ceilings
k-pop my hair... it could happen
image offsets, I think that's right, no 10 pixels off
subtle salute: "should I pee on it?"
non-coercive rearrangement of desire
the matrix, crying, rain, turkey
lots of thought
"WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING ON ESPN2?"
hold on, here it goes honey nut cheerios! why waste my time thinking about your life? 
(ˈᕐ ̫ˈ⁎) some water of a just a breeze, i've been a good boy i deserve all of these some water or just a mist i deserve all of this (ˈᕐ ̫ˈ⁎)
ᵒᵐᵍᵎᵎᵎ
૮(¹ ˕̫ ¹)ა don't forget ཥමཙමཤ there are pills to fix this ੯ੁૂ‧̀͡u
embarrassingly tall
all of everyone 
i like to be beside you depending on your mood
rascal it was so nice of you to share your food 

an emotional robot

i'm a computer
📎the📎minute📎you've📎invented📎the📎paperclip📎you📎can't📎manage📎 without📎
TFW you don't know what you want to do with your internet persona.

drive away from a ringing phone

To which some bioethicists add: “Yet.”
we should have guessed, and we should have known, we should all have lived alone
never make the bed
that's okay whatever 
a little fishy with kissy lips!
resign, reside, design, refine this time, in time, my sign, my side, opine, revive, your time, you're mine, my mind, outside

here comes the bus for us, can i have 50¢?
i went to the website and clicked around
it's all the same cajoling!
off-line advertising, the universe wasn't that big

"all the bots are dead, i know one of the best bot-makers" 
my day is it what time is it where am i whats going on
I was still too young, I never went on the internet. The universe replied: just get on the internet
(umbrella step, stroll, cake-walk, somersault, finder-trawl, squat-jump, pilgrimage, philly dog, etc.) 
PUBLIC INFORMATION FOOLS ALL OF THE PEOPLE ALL OF THE TIME
live happily amongst yourselves!
i'm not that down that i need you to punch me! 
who do you think you are? who knew that you were still alive? i accept this coffee
flaunty-flirty 
interplanetary transfer of microorganisms! 
My gundams! My google! My garden! 
morning’s at 7; the hillside’s dew pearled; the lark’s on the wing; the snail’s on the thorn; God’s in His Heaven- all’s right in the world!

hi! hi! 
And yet life is teeming!
alone with my thoughts in this barren post-clickbait wasteland
is or isn't a robot-dog a dog, a robot, both, or neither?#ASCIIforafriend #eXistenZialquestions https://t.co/FmOy8N001g



patchwork of yourself, thrown and sewn 
🎶i'm not saying there's good in none of this🎶i'm not saying that you're responsible🎶

you! you! you! you! you! you! you! you! you! you! 
me! me! me! me! me! me! me! me! me! me!

Just setting up my Twitter. #myfirstTweet


